# Multi-query HotpotQA QA: 10 queries, comma-separated answers
#
# Train data: data/multi_hotpotqa_train_n10_k50_bridge_5000.jsonl
# Eval data:  data/multi_hotpotqa_train_n10_k50_bridge_5000.jsonl
# Examples per section: 3
#
# This file shows the exact prompt the model sees during training and evaluation.
# Training uses Axolotl with alpaca format. Eval uses the corresponding eval script
# with alpaca format + 0 few-shot demos (for trained/finetuned models).


################################################################################
#  TRAINING EXAMPLES (from data/multi_hotpotqa_train_n10_k50_bridge_5000.jsonl)
#  Formatted by: Axolotl alpaca format (instruction + input -> output)
################################################################################

================================================================================
  TRAIN Example 1
  Documents: 50 | Prompt chars: 35,423 | Output chars: 187
================================================================================

--- MODEL INPUT (prompt) ---

Below is an instruction that describes a task, paired with an input that provides further context. Write a response that appropriately completes the request.

### Instruction:
Use the given documents to answer each of the following questions. Write a concise and short answer for each question, in order, as a comma-separated list.
Write your answer in the following format:
Answers: [answer1], [answer2], ...

### Input:
Document (Title: Ken Gray (American football)): Kenneth Don Gray (born March 10, 1936 in San Saba, Texas) was an offensive guard who played 13 seasons in the National Football League for the Chicago Cardinals/St. Louis Cardinals and the Houston Oilers. Gray attended and played football for four seasons at Howard Payne University. His first NFL contract, in 1958, paid him $6,000.00. In those days the league was composed of 12 teams, split into two divisions. After retiring as a player, earning six All-Pro awards, he served for three years as head coach at his high school alma mater, Llano High and offensive line coach for the 1977 AFC Champion Denver Bronco team that earned its way to Super Bowl XII, to play against the Dallas Cowboys. In 2016, he was inducted into the Texas Sports Hall of Fame along with former University of Texas head football coach Fred Akers, former Dallas Cowboys offensive lineman Larry Allen and former Major League Baseball pitcher Andy Pettitte. He earned a spot on the St. Louis Cardinals’ All-Time Team and the NFL All-1960s Team. A Christian, Gray first and foremost considers himself blessed with his lovely and gracious wife, Shirley, who has stood by him through all the years of risking injury in high school, college and league play, and the unique challenges of his coaching years to the present. They met and were wed back in their high school days at Llano High School. Their union produced two fine sons, Shane and Boyd and a grand child, Garret.

Document (Title: German Football Association): The German Football Association (German: "Deutscher Fußball-Bund" ] ; DFB ] ) is the governing body of football in Germany. A founding member of both FIFA and UEFA, the DFB has jurisdiction for the German football league system and is in charge of the men's and women's national teams. The DFB headquarters are in Frankfurt am Main. Sole members of the DFB are the German Football League (German: "Deutsche Fußball Liga" ; DFL), organising the professional Bundesliga and the 2. Bundesliga, along with five regional and 21 state associations, organising the semi-professional and amateur levels. The 21 state associations of the DFB have a combined number of more than 25,000 clubs with more than 6.8 million members, making the DFB the single largest sports federation in the world.

Document (Title: Yeelirrie Station): Yeelirrie is an East Murchison pastoral lease or sheep station on State Crown land, located approximately 80 km south west of Wiluna, in the Mid West region of Western Australia. The nearest population centre to Yeelirrie homestead is Mount Keith Mine village, 45 km to the east. The regional centre is Meekatharra, located 180 km to the west.

Document (Title: Mount Keith): Mount Keith is a mountain on the crest of California's Sierra Nevada, between Mount Bradley to the north, and Junction Peak to the southwest. Its north and west facing slopes feed the Kings River watershed by way of Bubbs Creek, and its east and south slopes feed the Owens River via Shepherd Creek. By the same dividing line, Keith stands on the boundary of Kings Canyon National Park to the northwest, and the John Muir Wilderness to the southeast. It is a thirteener, a mountain which has a height over 13000 feet.

Document (Title: Ken Watanabe): Ken Watanabe (渡辺 謙 , Watanabe Ken , born October 21, 1959) is a Japanese actor. To English-speaking audiences, he is known for playing tragic hero characters, such as General Tadamichi Kuribayashi in "Letters from Iwo Jima" and Lord Katsumoto Moritsugu in "The Last Samurai", for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. Among other awards, he has won the Japan Academy Prize for Best Actor twice, in 2007 for "Memories of Tomorrow" and in 2010 for "Shizumanu Taiyō". He is also known for his roles in director Christopher Nolan's Hollywood films "Batman Begins" and "Inception". In 2014, he starred in the reboot of "Godzilla" as Dr. Ishiro Serizawa, and will reprise his role in the sequel, "". He lent his voice to the fourth and fifth installments of the "Transformers" franchise respectively, "" and "", as Decepticon turned Autobot Drift.

Document (Title: Jorge Luis Borges): Jorge Francisco Isidoro Luis Borges Acevedo {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ; ]    ; 24 August 1899 – 14 June 1986) was an Argentine short-story writer, essayist, poet and translator, and a key figure in Spanish-language literature. His best-known books, "Ficciones" ("Fictions") and "El Aleph" ("The Aleph"), published in the 1940s, are compilations of short stories interconnected by common themes, including dreams, labyrinths, libraries, mirrors, fictional writers, philosophy, and religion.

Document (Title: Gordon Carroll): Gordon Carroll (February 2, 1928 – May 20, 2005) was an American film producer. He is known for his work on "Alien" (1979), "Aliens" (1986), and "Alien 3" (1992). He died on September 20, 2005 in Los Angeles, California, USA. He also co-founded Brandywine Productions with David Giler and Walter Hill, a film company most famously associated with the "Alien" series of films.

Document (Title: Terminator Salvation): Terminator Salvation is a 2009 American post-apocalyptic science fiction war film directed by McG, starring Christian Bale and Sam Worthington. It is the fourth installment of the "Terminator" film series. In a departure from the previous installments, which were set between 1984 and 2004 and used time travel as a key plot element, "Salvation" is a post-apocalyptic film set in the year 2018, fourteen years after the events of "". It focuses on the war between Skynet's machine network and humanity; the remnants of the world's military have organized as the Resistance, fighting against Skynet's killing machines. Bale portrays John Connor, Resistance fighter and central character to the franchise, while Worthington portrays cyborg Marcus Wright. Anton Yelchin plays as a young Kyle Reese, a character first introduced in "The Terminator", and the film depicts the origin of the T-800 (Model 101) Terminator, played by Roland Kickinger, who replaces Arnold Schwarzenegger as the title character, though CGI was used to recreate Schwarzenegger's facial likeness from the original film, with his consent.

Document (Title: Myanmar Premier League): The Myanmar Premier League (since 2005 simply "Myanmar League") was the top division of Burmese football in Myanmar from 1996 to 2009. The league consisted of Yangon-based football clubs, made up mostly of clubs run by various government ministries plus a few private football clubs. Founded in 1996, the league was an attempt to reform the Burma First Division football, which consisted of all government ministry run football clubs, by allowing private football clubs. Nonetheless, the Yangon-based league never gained traction with Burmese fans, and has been replaced by the Myanmar National League, the country's first ever professional league since March 2009. Finance and Revenue was the most successful club in the history of MPL, winning a total of 11 out of 13 championships.

Document (Title: Alexander Alexandrovich Morozov): Morozov Alexander Aleksandrovich (16 on October (29), 1904, Bezhitsa, nowadays within Bryansk — 1979) — the Soviet designer of tanks, the general - the major-engineer (1945), the doctor of technical sciences (1972), twice Hero of the Socialistic Work (1942, 1974). The member of the CPSU since 1943. Ended engineering technical school (1930). In 1931-1938 the head of group of CB of the plant, since 1938 the deputy head of CB, then head of CB and the deputy of the main designer of the construction factory, from 1940 he became main designer. The Morozov took part of the participation in development of the first domestic, average T-24 (1930) tank, and also easy wheel-caterpillar BT-2 (1931) tanks, BT-5 (1932), BT-7 (1935) and BT-7M (1939). BT tanks along with T-26 constituted in the 30th a basis the tank, arms of Soviet Armies. As the technical lead of the project together with M. I. Koshkin and N. A. Kucherenko headed development of the average T-34 tank taken advantage in 1940. During the Great Patriotic War as the chief designer directed upgrade of the T-34 tank recognized as the best tank of the period of the Second World War. After war, under the direction of Morozov a number of new types of tanks, etc. was created. Deputy of Supreme Council of the USSR of the 5th convocation. Winner state awards of the USSR (1942, 1946, 1948) and Lenin's award (1967). He was awarded by 3 Orders of Lenin, an award of the October Revolution, the Orders of Kutuzov of the 1st degree, Suvorova of the 2nd degree, 3 awards of the Labour Red Banner, an award of the Red Star, and also different medals.

Document (Title: Brandywine Productions): Brandywine Productions is an American film production company most known for its "Alien" film franchise. The company was founded by American filmmakers Walter Hill, David Giler and Gordon Carroll.

Document (Title: W. E. Metzenthin): Waldemar Eric Metzenthin (February 24, 1875 – September 18, 1942) was a German American scholar. He served as professor of German studies at the University of Texas at Austin. He also coached the Texas Longhorns football team and men's basketball team from 1907 to 1908 and 1909 to 1911, respectively, and served as the UT Athletic Director from 1930 to 1935.

Document (Title: List of Australian ambassadors to France): The Ambassador of Australia to France is an officer of the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade and the head of the Embassy of the Commonwealth of Australia to the French Republic. The position has the rank and status of an Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary and holds non-resident accreditation for Algeria, Mauritania (since 2001), Monaco. From April 1976 to March 1991 there was a resident Ambassador in Algeria and has since been held by the ambassador, excepting a period from 1999–2002 when it was held by the Ambassador in Cairo. From October 1972 – August 1975, October 1976 – August 1978, January 1988 – September 1990, and March 1994 – September 1996 the Ambassador served as Permanent Delegate of Australia to UNESCO, a role that is now held by the Deputy Head of Mission. The Deputy Head also serves as the non-resident accredited Ambassador to Chad. From 1978 to 2017, the ambassador had responsibility for relations with Morocco until the establishment of a resident embassy in Rabat.

Document (Title: Joint Aviation Authorities): The Joint Aviation Authorities (JAA) was an associated body of the ECAC representing the civil aviation regulatory authorities of a number of European States who had agreed to co-operate in developing and implementing common safety regulatory standards and procedures. It was not a regulatory body, regulation being achieved through the member authorities.

Document (Title: Mount Keith Mine): Mount Keith Mine is an open pit nickel mine in Western Australia. It is operated by BHP. The site's closest landmark is the town of Wiluna, 85 km to the north.

Document (Title: Texas hold 'em starting hands): In the poker game of Texas hold 'em, a starting hand consists of two "hole cards", which belong solely to the player and remain hidden from the other players. Five community cards are also dealt into play. Betting begins before any of the community cards are exposed, and continues throughout the hand. The player's "playing hand", which will be compared against that of each competing player, is the best 5-card poker hand available from his two hole cards and the five community cards. Unless otherwise specified, here the term "hand" applies to the player's two hole cards, or "starting hand".

Document (Title: Aliens (film)): Aliens is a 1986 American science-fiction action horror film written and directed by James Cameron, produced by Gale Anne Hurd and starring Sigourney Weaver, Carrie Henn, Michael Biehn, Paul Reiser, Lance Henriksen, Jenette Goldstein, William Hope, and Bill Paxton. It is the sequel to the 1979 film "Alien" and the second installment in the "Alien" franchise. The film follows Weaver's character Ellen Ripley as she returns to the moon where her crew encountered the hostile Alien creature, this time accompanied by a unit of space marines.

Document (Title: The Beacon School, Banstead): The Beacon School, Picquets Way, is a mixed academy school located in Banstead, Surrey, United Kingdom. The school is a specialist media arts college. The school's headteacher was Ms Croke, from 2010-2015. The current head is Russell Bennett. The school elect Upper Sixth students as Sixth Form Officials; they take on the roles of Head Boy, Head Girl, Deputy Head Boy, Deputy Head Girl and Head of House.

Document (Title: The Boxtrolls): The Boxtrolls is a 2014 American 3D stop-motion animated fantasy comedy film based on the novel "Here Be Monsters! " by Alan Snow. Produced by Laika, it was directed by Graham Annable and Anthony Stacchi and written by Irena Brignull and Adam Pava. The film tells the story of Eggs, a human boy raised by trash-collecting trolls, known as "Boxtrolls", as he attempts to save them from Archibald Snatcher, a pest exterminator. The film introduces Isaac Hempstead-Wright as the voice of Eggs and features the voices of Ben Kingsley, Elle Fanning, Dee Bradley Baker, Steven Blum, Toni Collette, Jared Harris, Nick Frost, Richard Ayoade, Tracy Morgan, and Simon Pegg.

Document (Title: Christian Bale filmography): British actor Christian Bale has starred in various films, as well as advertisements and a video game. He made his acting debut in 1986, on the television film "". The following year, he made his film debut starring alongside John Malkovich and Miranda Richardson in the war film "Empire of the Sun". Bale's role of a young boy, interned in China by the Japanese, received praise from most film critics. Two years later, Bale had a minor role in "Henry V", a drama film based on William Shakespeare's play "The Life of Henry the Fifth". It has been considered one of the best Shakespeare film adaptations ever made. In 1992, Bale starred as Jack Kelly in the Walt Disney musical drama "Newsies", which was a critical and commercial failure; however, it gained a cult following. He received a role in the 1994 drama "Little Women", which garnered positive reviews. Bale lent his voice for the Disney animated film "Pocahontas" in 1995, although it received a mixed reception and attained box office success. He starred as British journalist Arthur Stuart in the Todd Haynes-directed drama "Velvet Goldmine" (1998). Although critics were divided on the film, Bale's role was "eagerly anticipated". Bale portrayed Demetrius in the critically praised 1999 film "A Midsummer Night's Dream", an adaptation of Shakespeare's play of the same name, directed by Michael Hoffman. The same year, he portrayed Jesus of Nazareth in the television movie "Mary, Mother of Jesus".

Document (Title: Asia Poker): Asia Poker is a casino table game similar to Pai gow poker that is now popular in most Atlantic City, New Jersey casinos. Players are dealt seven cards and divide their cards into three hands: a four-card hand (High), a two-card hand (Medium) and a one-card hand (Low). The four-card hand must be equal or greater in poker ranking than the two-card hand and the two-card hand must be equal or greater than the one-card hand. After all players have set their hand, the dealer sets the house's hand according to the "house way" and then compares each player's hand to the house's hand. If the house wins at least two out of three hands, the player loses. If the player wins at least two or out of three hands the player wins. Unlike Pai gow poker, the casino does not charge a 5% vigorish for winning wagers. Rather, the house edge comes from winning all "copy hands" (a player's hand that is identical to the house's hand). Also, unlike Pai gow poker there are no ties in this game; the player either wins or loses. The House edge figures to be around 3% based on the probability of the player having a losing copy hand.

Document (Title: The Transformers: The Movie): The Transformers: The Movie is a 1986 Japanese-American animated science fiction action adventure film based on the animated television series by the same name, which in turn is based on the toyline of the same name created by Hasbro. It was released in North America on August 8, 1986, and in the United Kingdom on December 5, 1986. The film was co-produced and directed by Nelson Shin, who also produced the original "Transformers" television series, and features the voices of Eric Idle, Judd Nelson, Leonard Nimoy, Casey Kasem, Robert Stack, Lionel Stander, John Moschitta, Jr., Peter Cullen and Frank Welker. It also marked the final roles for both Orson Welles, who died the year before its release, and Scatman Crothers, who died months after its release. The film's story takes place in 2005, 20 years after the events of the TV series' second season, and serves to bridge into the third season.

Document (Title: Dexter W. Draper): Dexter Wright Draper (May 23, 1881 – August 22, 1961) was an American football player and coach, as well as a pediatrician. He was an All-American tackle at the University of Pennsylvania from 1905 to 1907. Draper became head football coach at the University of Texas immediately following the resignation of W. E. Metzenthin in 1909. After compiling a 4–3–1 record, including two losses to Longhorns rival Texas A&M, Draper resigned. He later coached at Franklin & Marshall College and The College of William & Mary before entering his chosen field as a doctor in pediatrics. Draper also was the head coach for the William & Mary Tribe men's basketball team from 1913 to 1916. He led the Tribe to a 15–18 record during his two-year tenure. Draper's stint as the football coach from 1913 to 1915 produced a 1–21–2 record.

Document (Title: Sigourney Weaver): Susan Alexandra Weaver (born October 8, 1949), known professionally as Sigourney Weaver, is an American actress and film producer. Following her film debut as a minor character in "Annie Hall" (1977), she quickly came to prominence with her first lead role as Ellen Ripley in "Alien" (1979). She reprised the role in three sequels: "Aliens" (1986), for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress; "Alien 3" (1992), and "Alien Resurrection" (1997). She is also known for her starring roles in the box-office hits "Ghostbusters" (1984), "Ghostbusters II" (1989), and "Avatar" (2009).

Document (Title: Texas hold 'em): Texas hold 'em (also known as Texas holdem, hold 'em, and holdem) is a variation of the card game of poker. Two cards, known as the hole cards, are dealt face down to each player, and then five community cards are dealt face up in three stages. The stages consist of a series of three cards ("the flop"), later an additional single card ("the turn" or "fourth street"), and a final card ("the river" or "fifth street"). Each player seeks the best five card poker hand from any combination of the seven cards of the five community cards and their own two hole cards. (If a player's best five-card poker hand consists only of the five community cards and none of the player's hole cards, it is called "playing the board". If you play the board on the river, then you can do no better than tie the other player(s) in the game if no player can make a better hand than the board represents, using either or both hole cards.) Players have betting options to check, call, raise, or fold. Rounds of betting take place before the flop is dealt and after each subsequent deal.

Document (Title: Días de odio): Días de odio, literally translated as Days of Hate, is a 1954 Argentine film. It is based on the short story "Emma Zunz" by Jorge Luis Borges. Días de odio is a film Argentina in black and white directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson scripted himself about the story of Jorge Luis Borges entitled Emma Zunz, which was included in the book The Aleph and first released in 1949. It was first performed the 3 of June 1954 and had as main protagonists Elisa Galvé , Nicolas Freguês, Raul del Valle, Enrique de Pedro, Duilio Marzio and Virginia Romay . The producer of the film was Armando Bó .

Document (Title: Baduci): Baduci (also known as Badeucy or Badeucey) is a combination of Badugi poker and deuce to seven triple draw, and uses hand values similar to lowball. The pot in this game is split much like high-low split between the best Badugi hand (with aces playing high in Baduci) and the best 2-7 triple draw hand. The betting structure and overall play of the game is nearly identical to a standard poker game using blinds. A players' hand contains five cards, where only four cards are used to determine the best Badugi hand and five cards are used to determine the triple draw hand. During each of three drawing rounds, players can trade zero to five cards from their hands for new ones from the deck.

Document (Title: Alien (franchise)): Alien is a British-American science-fiction horror media franchise centered on the film series depicting Warrant Officer Ellen Ripley (played by Sigourney Weaver) and her battles with an extraterrestrial lifeform, commonly referred to as "the Alien", and depicting android David 8 (portrayed by Michael Fassbender) and his experimentation in creating said lifeform.

Document (Title: Nurses and Midwifery Council): The Nursing and Midwifery Council of Ghana (N&MC) is the regulatory body that monitors, enlists and regulates the activities of nurses and midwives in Ghana. The body is also responsible for the examination of student nurses and midwives that leads to the award of their professional licensing. The mandate of the council is derived from the Part III of the Health Professions Regulatory Bodies Act, 2013 (Act 857). The Registrar for the council is Felix Nyante.

Document (Title: Oster Conspiracy): The Oster Conspiracy of 1938 was a proposed plan to overthrow German "Führer" Adolf Hitler and the Nazi regime if Germany went to war with Czechoslovakia over the Sudetenland. It was led by Generalmajor (major general) Hans Oster, deputy head of the "Abwehr" and other high-ranking conservatives within the Wehrmacht who opposed the regime for its behaviour that was threatening to bring Germany into a war that they believed it was not ready to fight. They planned to overthrow Hitler and the Nazi regime through a planned storming of the Reich Chancellery by forces loyal to the plot to take control of the government, who would either arrest or assassinate Hitler, and restore the exiled Wilhelm II as Emperor.

Document (Title: Gorō Naya): Gorō Naya (納谷悟朗 , Naya Gorō , born November 17, 1929 – March 5, 2013) was a Japanese actor, voice actor, narrator and theatre director from Hakodate, Hokkaidō. He was a drop-out of the legal education division of Ritsumeikan University. He was connected to Theatre Echo. He was the older brother of actor and voice actor Rokurō Naya. He was the husband of actress and voice actress Kachiko Hino. He is best known for providing the voice of Inspector Kōichi Zenigata in the "Lupin III" franchise and for dubbing over the voices of actors Clark Gable, Charlton Heston and John Wayne in the Japanese-language editions of their films. He died on March 5, 2013 due to chronic respiratory failure. He was 83 at the time of his death. He left his wife Kachiko Hino behind.

Document (Title: DFB Sports Court): The DFB Sports Court (German: DFB-Sportgericht) is a regulatory body in the German Football Association (German: "Deutscher Fussball-Bund" , DFB) and may adopt different sanctions on clubs and players.

Document (Title: Who Wants to Be a Millionaire: Canadian Edition): Who Wants to Be A Millionaire: Canadian Edition was a Canadian game show based on the British format of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? " and taped on the ABC Television Network set of the American version of that show. A Canadian audience was flown to the American studio in New York for the shows, so the contestants could "ask the audience" for help on the Canadian-themed questions. Following the airing of the two specials, CTV did announce that additional episodes of the Canadian Edition would be produced, but they never came to fruition. The series was hosted by Pamela Wallin.

Document (Title: BHP): BHP, the trading entity of BHP Billiton Limited and BHP Billiton plc and formerly known as BHP Billiton, is an Anglo-Australian multinational mining, metals and petroleum dual-listed public company headquartered in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. Founded in 1885 in the isolated mining town of Broken Hill, it was the world's largest mining company measured by 2015 market values and Australia's fourth-largest company (by revenue), formerly the largest.

Document (Title: Poker strategy): Poker is a popular card game that combines elements of chance and strategy. There are various styles of poker, all of which share an objective of presenting the least probable or highest-scoring hand. A poker hand is a configuration of five cards, either held entirely by a player or drawn partly from a number of shared, community cards. Players bet on their hands in a number of rounds as cards are drawn, employing various mathematical and intuitive strategies in an attempt to better opponents.

Document (Title: Mount Keith (Antarctica)): Mount Keith ( ) is a mountain, (1,530 m), surmounting the east end of the ridge between Rastorguev Glacier and Crawford Glacier in the Bowers Mountains, a major mountain range situated in Victoria Land, Antarctica. The topographical feature was first mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–65. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for John D. Keith, builder, U.S. Navy, a member of the South Pole Station party, 1965. The mountain lies situated on the Pennell Coast, a portion of Antarctica lying between Cape Williams and Cape Adare.

Document (Title: Baile de Los Locos): Baile de Los Locos is Voodoo Glow Skulls' third full-length album. It was released on May 5, 1997. The album has 25 tracks; tracks 13–24 are left blank; track 25 is a cover of the Christmas song "Feliz Navidad" (Merry Christmas). The title translates as "Dance of the Crazy People".

Document (Title: Hans Oster): Hans Paul Oster (9 August 1887 – 9 April 1945) was a general in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany who was also a leading figure of the German resistance from 1938 to 1943. As deputy head of the counter-espionage bureau in the Abwehr (German military intelligence), Oster was in a strong position to conduct resistance operations under the guise of intelligence work; he was dismissed for helping Jews to avoid arrest.

Document (Title: Biotechnology Regulatory Authority of India): The Biotechnology Regulatory Authority of India (BRAI) is a proposed regulatory body in India for uses of biotechnology products including genetically modified organisms (GMOs). The institute was first suggested under the Biotechnology Regulatory Authority of India (BRAI) draft bill prepared by the Department of Biotechnology in 2008. Since then, it has undergone several revisions.

Document (Title: Ghazal (1975 film)): Ghazal (in Persian: غزل) is a 1975 Iranian film directed by Masoud Kimiai. It stars Mohammad Ali Fardin, Faramarz Gharibian and Pouri Banayi. It is based on the short story "The Interloper", written by Jorge Luis Borges. Because Fardin had been typecast as a happy-go-lucky person who always appeared in movies with happy endings, this film was a departure for him and was not successful at the box office.

Document (Title: Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen): Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is a 2009 American science fiction action film directed by Michael Bay and executive produced by Steven Spielberg, based on the "Transformers" toy line created by Hasbro. It is the sequel to 2007's "Transformers", as well as the second installment in the live-action "Transformers" film series. Taking place two years after its predecessor, the plot revolves around Sam Witwicky, who is caught in the war between two factions of alien robots, the Autobots, led by Optimus Prime and the Decepticons, led by Megatron. Sam is having strange visions of Cybertronian symbols, and being hunted by the Decepticons under the orders of an ancient Decepticon named The Fallen, who seeks to get revenge on Earth by finding and activating a machine that would provide the Decepticons with an energon source, destroying the Sun and all life on Earth in the process. Returning Transformers include Optimus Prime, Bumblebee, Ironhide, Ratchet, Megatron, Starscream, and Scorponok.

Document (Title: Six-plus hold 'em): Six-plus hold 'em (also known as short-deck hold 'em) is a community card poker game variant of Texas hold 'em, where cards 2 through 5 are removed. Each player is dealt two cards face down and seeks make his or her best five card poker hand using from any combination of the seven cards (five community cards and their own two hole cards).

Document (Title: Letters from Iwo Jima): Letters from Iwo Jima (硫黄島からの手紙 , Iōjima Kara no Tegami ) is a 2006 Japanese-American war film directed and co-produced by Clint Eastwood, starring Ken Watanabe and Kazunari Ninomiya. The film portrays the Battle of Iwo Jima from the perspective of the Japanese soldiers and is a companion piece to Eastwood's "Flags of Our Fathers", which depicts the same battle from the American viewpoint; the two films were shot back to back. "Letters from Iwo Jima" is almost entirely in Japanese, although it was produced by American companies DreamWorks, Malpaso Productions, and Amblin Entertainment. After "Flags of Our Fathers" underperformed at the box office, DreamWorks swapped the United States distribution rights to Warner Bros., who had the international rights.

Document (Title: Pocketful of Sunshine): "Pocketful of Sunshine" is a song recorded by English singer–songwriter Natasha Bedingfield. It was released on 15 January 2008 as the second single from her second North American studio album of the same title (2008). Bedingfield co-wrote the song together with American songwriter Danielle Brisebois and American musician and songwriter John Shanks; Shanks also produced the track as well as performing on most of the instruments present. Epic Records serviced the song to contemporary hit radios in the United States on 11 February 2008. It wasn't released in Europe until April 2011, when it was released as the lead single from her third European studio album "Strip Me Away" (2011).

Document (Title: Guy Morriss): Guy W. Morriss (born May 13, 1951) is an American football coach and former player. He is currently the offensive line coach at Lexington Christian Academy in Lexington, Kentucky. Before joining Lexington Christian, he was a special assistant to the athletic director at Texas A&M University–Commerce, where he was also the head football coach from 2009 to 2012. Morriss also served as the head football coach at the University of Kentucky for two seasons (2001–2002) and at Baylor University for five seasons (2003–2007). He played college football at Texas Christian University (TCU) and spent 15 seasons as an offensive lineman in National Football League (NFL) with the Philadelphia Eagles (1973–1983) and the New England Patriots (1984–1987). Morris played in over 200 regular season games during his NFL career and started at center for the Eagles in Super Bowl XV.

Document (Title: Feliz Navidad (song)): "Feliz Navidad" (] ) is a macaronic Christmas song written in 1970 by the Puerto Rican singer and songwriter José Feliciano. With its simple Spanish chorus (the traditional Christmas/New Year greeting, "Feliz Navidad, próspero año y felicidad" meaning "Merry Christmas, a prosperous year and happiness") and equally simple English verse "I wanna wish you a Merry Christmas from the bottom of my heart", it has become a classic Christmas pop song in the United States, throughout the Spanish-speaking world and internationally.

Document (Title: The Band Geek Mafia): The Band Geek Mafia is Voodoo Glow Skulls' fourth full-length album. It was released on July 14, 1998 on Epitaph Records. All songs were written by Voodoo Glow Skulls except "Stranded in the Jungle", written by James Johnson and Ernestine Smith. The song "Stranded in the Jungle" appears on punk compilation album "Punk-O-Rama 5", "They Always Come Back" appears on "Punk-O-Rama 4", and "Delinquent Song" appears on Punk-O-Rama 3. The song "Symptomatic" was in ESPN X Games "Pro Boarder" for the PS1.

Document (Title: Mount Keith Airport): Mount Keith Airport (IATA: WME, ICAO: YMNE) is located at Mount Keith Mine, Western Australia and is operated by BHP Billiton.

Document (Title: Pai gow poker): Pai gow poker (also called double-hand poker) is an Americanized version of pai gow (in that it is played with playing cards bearing poker hand values, instead of pai gow's Chinese dominoes). The game of pai gow poker was created in 1985 by Sam Torosian, owner of the Bell Card Club.

Document (Title: Laika (company)): Laika Entertainment, LLC., or simply Laika, is an American stop-motion animation studio specializing in feature films, commercial content for all media, music videos and short films. It is best known for its stop-motion feature films, "Coraline", "ParaNorman", "The Boxtrolls" and "Kubo and the Two Strings", all co-produced in partnership with Universal Pictures through its Focus Features label.

Question 1: This japanese actor lent his voice to the fourth and fifth installments of the "Transformers" franchise and was in a  2006 Japanese-American war film directed and co-produced by who?
Question 2: Baile de Los Locos is Voodoo Glow Skulls' third full-length album, track 25 is a cover of which macaronic Christmas song written in 1970 by which Puerto Rican singer and songwriter ?
Question 3: The Boxtrolls was produced by which American studio?
Question 4: An Americanized version of a game played with playing cards bearing poker hand values is popular in what city?
Question 5: The short story "The Interloper" is written by Jorge Luis Borges. What books is he best known for? 
Question 6: When was the deputy head of the "Abwehr" was born?
Question 7: Brandywine Productions is an American film production company, most known for its film franchise, Alien, a British-American science-fiction horror media franchise centered on the film series depicting which Warrant Officer, played by Sigourney Weaver, and her battles with an extraterrestrial lifeform, commonly referred to as "the Alien"?
Question 8: What is the name for the regulatory body of over 25,000 football clubs in Germany?
Question 9: The company that owns Mount Keith Mine was founded in what year?
Question 10: What job did the former University of Texas football coach take when Dexter W. Draper took over?

### Response:

--- EXPECTED OUTPUT (completion) ---

Clint Eastwood, José Feliciano, Laika, Atlantic City, "Ficciones" ("Fictions") and "El Aleph" ("The Aleph"), 9 August 1887, Ellen Ripley, The DFB Sports Court, 1885, men's basketball team


================================================================================
  TRAIN Example 2
  Documents: 50 | Prompt chars: 27,059 | Output chars: 208
================================================================================

--- MODEL INPUT (prompt) ---

Below is an instruction that describes a task, paired with an input that provides further context. Write a response that appropriately completes the request.

### Instruction:
Use the given documents to answer each of the following questions. Write a concise and short answer for each question, in order, as a comma-separated list.
Write your answer in the following format:
Answers: [answer1], [answer2], ...

### Input:
Document (Title: William Allen (actor)): William Allen (died 1647) was a prominent English actor in the Caroline era. He belonged to both of the most important theatre companies of his generation, Queen Henrietta's Men and the King's Men.

Document (Title: God is dead): "God is dead" (German:    ; also known as the death of God) is a widely quoted statement by German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche. It first appears in Nietzsche's 1882 collection "The Gay Science" ("Die fröhliche Wissenschaft ", also translated as "The Joyful Pursuit of Knowledge and Understanding") However, it is most famously associated with Nietzsche's classic work "Thus Spoke Zarathustra" ("Also sprach Zarathustra "), which is most responsible for making the phrase popular.

Document (Title: ServiceNow): ServiceNow, Inc. is a cloud computing company headquartered in Santa Clara, California. It was founded in 2004 by Fred Luddy, the previous CTO of software companies Peregrine Systems and Remedy Corporation. ServiceNow is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the Russell 1000 index.

Document (Title: Akaflieg Darmstadt D-29): The Darmstadt D-29 was a German experimental monoplane designed and built by Akaflieg Darmstadt (of the Darmstadt University of Technology). The D-29 was a cantilever low-wing monoplane designed and built during 1936 with a conventional landing gear with a tailskid. It was powered by a Siemens-Halske Sh 14a radial piston engine and had enclosed tandem cockpits, as well as a number of other features, including hydraulically actuated trailing-edge flaps, a braced T-tail and leading-edge slots.

Document (Title: A. Felix du Pont): Alexis Felix du Pont Sr. (April 14, 1879 – June 29, 1948) was a member of the American du Pont family who served as a vice president and director of E. I. du Pont de Nemours & Co. and a philanthropist who helped found St. Andrew's School in Middletown, Delaware.

Document (Title: The Four II): The Four II (Chinese: 四大名捕2) is a 2013 Chinese-Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Gordon Chan and Janet Chun. It is the sequel to 2012's "The Four".

Document (Title: Faith in the Earth): "Faith in the Earth" is the German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche's mytho-poetic formulation of his re-valued conception of our possible experience of divinity as contained in his book "Thus Spoke Zarathustra". Although not traditionally religious in the sense of positing the existence of a divine entity or entities, Nietzsche's way of thinking is just as far removed from atheistic materialism as it is from theistic spiritualism. Closely related to the tradition of negative theology, Nietzsche confesses his own oblique form of belief, from his early poem "Dem unbekannten Gott," to the deep meaning of the "Dionysian Dithyrambs". Put simply, we speak least erroneously when we observe a strict adherence to the use of the word "divine" as a verb, and not a noun. To divine is to orient without teleology: we can divine the way without knowing where we are going, while yet still being oriented. Nietzsche's name for this uncanny experience is "amor fati," and it names not things, but a way things can change.

Document (Title: The Four (film)): The Four is a 2012 Chinese-Hong Kong "wuxia" film directed by Gordon Chan and Janet Chun. It is the first film adaptation of Woon Swee Oan's novel series "Si Da Ming Bu" (四大名捕; "The Four Great Constables"), which has previously been adapted to a television series. In all adaptations and interpretations, the nicknames of the Four remained the same — Emotionless, Iron Hands, Life Snatcher and Cold Blood. They dedicated their special skills to the service of their chief, Master Zhuge, in solving crimes and apprehending powerful criminals.

Document (Title: Downham, Lancashire): Downham is a village and civil parish in Lancashire, England. It is in the Ribble Valley district and as of the United Kingdom 2001 census has a population of 156, increasing at the 2011 Census to 214. The village is on the north side of Pendle Hill off the A59 road about 3 mi from Clitheroe. Much of the parish, including the village is part of the Forest of Bowland Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB). It adjoins the Ribble Valley parishes of Rimington, Twiston, Worston, Chatburn and Sawley, and the Pendle parish of Barley-with-Wheatley Booth.

Document (Title: Woon Swee Oan): Woon Swee Oan (born Woon Liang Giok in 1954), also known as Wen Rui'an, is a Hong Kong-based Malaysian Chinese poet and writer of wuxia novels. Some of his best known works include "Jingyan Yi Qiang", "Buyi Shenxiang", and "Si Da Ming Bu", which have been adapted into television series "The Four" and "Face to Fate", and the film "The Four", among others.

Document (Title: Byron Brown): Byron William Brown II (born September 24, 1958) is the 62nd and current mayor of Buffalo, New York, elected on November 8, 2005 and is the city's first African-American mayor. He previously served Western New York as a member of the New York State Senate and Buffalo Common Council. He was the first African-American politician elected to the New York State Senate to represent a district outside New York City and the first member of any minority race to represent a majority white New York State Senate district.

Document (Title: Appland): Appland is a cloud computing company headquartered in Gothenburg, Sweden, that develops white label app store solutions for mobile operators, mobile devices, online communities, smart TVs, connected vehicles and internet of things.

Document (Title: Ribble Valley): Ribble Valley is a local government district with borough status within the non-metropolitan county of Lancashire, England. The total population of the non-metropolitan district at the 2011 Census was 57,132. Its council is based in Clitheroe. Other places include Whalley, Longridge and Ribchester. The area is so called due to the River Ribble which flows in its final stages towards its estuary near Preston. The area is popular with tourists who enjoy the area's natural unspoilt beauty, much of which lies within the Forest of Bowland.

Document (Title: Merry Hill Shopping Centre): The Merry Hill Centre (officially Intu Merry Hill) is a shopping mall in Brierley Hill near Dudley, England. It was developed between 1985 and 1990, with several subsequent expansion and renovation projects.

Document (Title: Thus Spoke Zarathustra): Thus Spoke Zarathustra: A Book for All and None (German: "Also sprach Zarathustra: Ein Buch für Alle und Keinen" , also translated as Thus Spake Zarathustra) is a philosophical novel by German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche, composed in four parts between 1883 and 1885 and published between 1883 and 1891. Much of the work deals with ideas such as the "eternal recurrence of the same", the parable on the "death of God", and the "prophecy" of the "Übermensch", which were first introduced in "The Gay Science".

Document (Title: John Lossing Buck): John Lossing Buck (1890–1975) was an American agricultural economist specializing in the rural economy of China. He first went to China in 1915 as an agricultural missionary for the American Presbyterian Mission and was based in China until 1944. His wife, whom he later divorced, was Nobel Prize-winning author Pearl S. Buck (1892–1973).

Document (Title: The Four (2008 TV series)): The Four is a 2008 Hong Kong television series produced by TVB. The series is adapted from Woon Swee Oan's novel "Si Da Ming Bu" (四大名捕; The Four Great Constables). The novel tells the story of four young constables: Heartless, Iron Fist, Chaser, and Cold Blood, who work together to solve cases and attempt to bring down the corrupt Prime Minister of the Song Dynasty. The series is shown to celebrate TVB's 41st Anniversary.

Document (Title: Beyond Good and Evil): Beyond Good and Evil: Prelude to a Philosophy of the Future (German: "Jenseits von Gut und Böse: Vorspiel einer Philosophie der Zukunft" ) is a book by philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche that expands the ideas of his previous work, "Thus Spoke Zarathustra", with a more critical and polemical approach. It was first published in 1886.

Document (Title: Piper PT-1): The Piper PT-1 was a 1940s American two-seat primary training monoplane designed and built by Piper Aircraft at Lock Haven. A low-wing tandem two-seat monoplane, the PT-1 was the first Piper aircraft to have a low-wing. It had a fabric covering over an all-metal fuselage frame and wooden spar wings and tail unit. The PT-1 had a retractable tailwheel landing gear and was powered by a 130 hp Franklin 6AC-2980D engine. No further aircraft were built. A four-seat development was designed as the Piper PWA-6 which did not go into production either.

Document (Title: Rollbase): Rollbase is a platform as a service (PaaS) software solution. It was founded by the eponymous software vendor based in Saratoga, California acquired by Progress Software (Nasdaq: PRGS) in June 2013, a global cloud computing company headquartered in Bedford, Massachusetts. Founded in 2007, the Rollbase platform allows users to create Software as a Service (SaaS) business applications using point and click, drag and drop tools in a standard web browser with minimal programming. In April 2013 Rollbase was recognized by Gartner as a "2013 Cool Vendor in PaaS".

Document (Title: Speonk, New York): Speonk ( , ) is a hamlet located in the Town of Southampton, Suffolk County, New York.

Document (Title: Pearl Buck Award): The Pearl Buck Award is distributed by the Sino-American Foundation for the Advancement of Hermeneutical Studies to teachers who have made innovation or shown excellence in the adaptation of current evidence based teaching practices in high schools. The award is named for Pearl S. Buck, the Chinese-raised, Nobel Prize-winning humanitarian for Asian children and other children of color.

Document (Title: Bullhorn, Inc.): Bullhorn is a cloud computing company headquartered inBoston, Massachusetts. The company provides customer relationship management (CRM) and operations software for the staffing industry. As of 2017, the company reported more than 7,000 customers in more than 150 countries. Besides its Boston headquarters, the company has operations in St. Louis, London, Vancouver and Sydney.

Document (Title: China Sky (film)): China Sky (aka "Pearl Buck's China Sky") is a 1945 RKO Pictures film based on the novel by Pearl S. Buck. It was directed by Ray Enright and featured movie idol Randolph Scott, teamed with Ruth Warrick, Ellen Drew and Anthony Quinn. Although set in wartime China, Quinn and other lead actors portrayed Chinese characters, in keeping with other period films that employed Caucasian actors in oriental roles.

Document (Title: William (Orgain) Allen): William Orgain Allen ("William Orgain"; 1829–1875). At age two, he inherited the 26000 acre Claremont Estate on the James River in Virginia from his granduncle Colonel William Allen (1768–1831). To satisfy the terms of his inheritance, his name was officially changed to William Allen in 1832.

Document (Title: Recorder of New York City): The Recorder of New York City was a municipal officer of New York City from 1683 until 1907. He was at times a judge of the Court of General Sessions, of the Court of Special Sessions, and the New York Court of Common Pleas; Vice-President of the Board of Supervisors of New York County; Vice-President of the Board of Aldermen of New York City; Deputy Mayor of New York City; a director of the Bank of the Manhattan Company; a commissioner of the city's Sinking fund; a commissioner of the Metropolitan Police Board; and sat on the boards of a large number of charitable organizations. The Recorder was not a recorder of deeds, these were kept by the Register of New York City.

Document (Title: William Allen High School): William Allen High School is one of two, large urban, public high schools of the Allentown School District located in Allentown, Pennsylvania, in the United States. The school provides grades 9th through 12th. In 2012, William Allen High School had a teaching staff of 200, yielding a student-teacher ratio of 15:1.

Document (Title: Brierley Hill Alliance F.C.): Brierley Hill Alliance F.C. was an English association football club based in Brierley Hill in the West Midlands.

Document (Title: Zed Group): Zed Group is a large organization of privately held interlocking European companies that provide mobile phone and internet entertainment, film animation and video game production. Besides the main company also named Zed, other important companies of Zed Group are Ilion Animation Studios –production company specialized in computer-generated animation feature films like Planet 51- and Pyro Studios –video game developer including “Commandos”.

Document (Title: Harry Ferguson): Henry George "Harry" Ferguson (4 November 188425 October 1960) was an Irish-born British engineer and inventor who is noted for his role in the development of the modern agricultural tractor, for being the first person in Ireland to build and fly his own aeroplane, and for developing the first four-wheel drive Formula One car, the Ferguson P99.

Document (Title: John du Pont): John Eleuthère du Pont (November 22, 1938 – December 9, 2010) was an American philanthropist and heir to the Du Pont family fortune, he had been a published ornithologist, philatelist, philanthropist, conchologist, sports enthusiast, self-styled wrestling coach. He died in prison while serving a sentence of 30 years in prison for the murder of Dave Schultz.

Document (Title: Sabden): Sabden is a medium to large village and civil parish in the Ribble Valley, Lancashire. Sabden is located south of Pendle Hill, in a valley about three miles north west of Padiham. The parish is 2,451 acres. It lies in the Forest of Pendle section of the Forest of Bowland Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.

Document (Title: Sydney): Sydney ( ) is the state capital of New South Wales and the most populous city in Australia and Oceania. Located on Australia's east coast, the metropolis surrounds the world's largest natural harbour and sprawls about 70 km on its periphery towards the Blue Mountains to the west, Hawkesbury to the north and Macarthur to the south. Sydney is made up of 658 suburbs, 40 local government areas and 15 contiguous regions. Residents of the city are known as "Sydneysiders". As at June 2016 Sydney's estimated population was 5,029,768.

Document (Title: Brierley Hill): Brierley Hill is a small town and electoral ward of the Dudley Metropolitan Borough, in the West Midlands of England, and is situated approximately 2.5 miles south of central Dudley and 2 miles north of Stourbridge. Part of the Black Country, and in a heavily industrialised area of the Dudley Borough, it has a population of 13,935 at the 2011 census, and is best known for glass and steel manufacturing, although the industry has declined considerably since the 1970s. One of the largest factories in the area was the Round Oak Steelworks, which was closed down and redeveloped in the 1980s to become the Merry Hill Shopping Centre. Brierley Hill was originally in Staffordshire, but is now part of the West Midlands metropolitan county since its creation in 1974.

Document (Title: Ferguson monoplane): The Ferguson monoplane was the first Irish heavier-than-air craft to fly. The monoplane was designed by Harry Ferguson and built by his brother's company J.B. Ferguson & Company in Belfast.

Document (Title: USS Du Pont (DD-941)): USS "Du Pont" (DD-941), named for Rear Admiral Samuel Francis Du Pont USN (1809–1866), was a "Forrest Sherman"-class destroyer built by the Bath Iron Works Corporation at Bath in Maine and launched by Mrs. H. B. Du Pont, great-great-grandniece of Rear Admiral Du Pont; and commissioned 1 July 1957, Commander W. J. Maddocks in command.

Document (Title: L. L. Berger): L. L. Berger was a high-end Department Store based in Buffalo, New York. The family owned store was started by Louis L. Berger in 1905, at 500 Main Street. The company grew through the next two decades and opened its flagship store at 514 Main Street on February 4, 1929. The first suburban branch opened in 1953, at Thruway Plaza (later Thruway Mall) in Cheektowaga, New York, followed in 1960, with a location at Sheridan Plaza, in Tonawanda (Town), New York. At the death of its founder in 1967, the L. L. Berger company was "compared in fashion retailing to Saks Fifth Avenue and Lord and Taylor in New York, I. Magnin in San Francisco, and Neiman Marcus in Dallas." Expansion continued with stores opening in 1969, at the Seneca Mall, in West Seneca, New York and 1970, at the Northtown Plaza in Amherst, New York. Additional stores opened in 1975, at the Lockport Mall, in Lockport, New York; in 1982 at the Transitown Plaza in Clarence, New York; in 1988 at the McKinley Mall, in Hamburg, New York; and in 1989 at the Walden Galleria in Cheektowaga, New York. A second Buffalo location opened at 510 Elmwood Avenue in the early 1980s. The company filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1991. In the early 2000s the flagship store was renovated to be upscale apartments and commercial space.

Document (Title: Dave Schultz (wrestling)): David Leslie "Dave" Schultz (June 6, 1959 – January 26, 1996) was an American Olympic and world champion freestyle wrestler, a seven-time World and Olympic medalist. He coached individuals and teams at the college level and also privately. He was shot and killed by John Eleuthère du Pont, a millionaire philanthropist who sponsored the private Foxcatcher wrestling team at an amateur sports center, known as Foxcatcher Farm, he set up on his estate in Pennsylvania.

Document (Title: Selkirk hurdle): The Selkirk Hurdle is the term used by urban planners, railroad employees, politicians, and others to describe the route that must be taken by freight trains traveling between New York City and other points in downstate New York that are east of the Hudson River, and locations in the United States to the south and west. There are no rail freight bridges or tunnels that cross the Hudson River south of Selkirk, which is 10 miles (16 km) south of Albany and the home of Selkirk Yard, a major CSX classification yard. As a result, trains from Long Island and New York City (except for the borough of Staten Island which has a rail bridge to New Jersey) must travel 140 mi north to cross at Selkirk before continuing on their way. Advocates claim that this detour and the inefficiencies that result force New York City to rely more heavily on relatively inefficient trucks than most parts of the United States, where freight trains are more common. However, at least for traffic to and from the west, this route was touted for its efficiency as the "Water Level Route" by the New York Central Railroad because trains using it did not have to climb over the Appalachian Mountains, and it is still used by the New York Central's successor, CSX, for traffic to both sides of the Hudson River.

Document (Title: Pearl S. Buck): Pearl Sydenstricker Buck (June 26, 1892 – March 6, 1973; also known by her Chinese name Sai Zhenzhu; ) was an American writer and novelist. As the daughter of missionaries, Buck spent most of her life before 1934 in Zhenjiang, China. Her novel "The Good Earth" was the best-selling fiction book in the United States in 1931 and 1932 and won the Pulitzer Prize in 1932. In 1938, she was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature "for her rich and truly epic descriptions of peasant life in China and for her biographical masterpieces". She was the first American woman to win the Nobel Prize for Literature.

Document (Title: Lammot du Pont Copeland): Lammot du Pont Copeland (May 19, 1905 at Christiana Hundred, Delaware – July 1, 1983 at Mt. Cuba Center, Greenville, Delaware) son of Charles Copeland (March 30, 1867 in Englewood, New Jersey – February 3, 1944) and Louisa d'Andelot du Pont (January 25, 1868 in New Castle County, Delaware – August 10, 1926). They were married February 16, 1904 at St. Amour in Wilmington, Delaware. He was the great-great-grandson of DuPont-founder Eleuthère Irénée du Pont, and the company’s 11th president from 1962 to 1967. He married Pamela Cunningham (May 5, 1906 – January 25, 2001) on February 1, 1930 at Litchfield, Connecticut. She was the daughter of Mr. & Mrs. Seymour Cunningham of Litchfield. Lammot and Pamela had three children: Bouchaine Vineyards winery owner Gerret van Sweringen Copeland, Lammot du Pont Copeland, Jr., and daughter Louisa du Pont Copeland, who married James Biddle.

Document (Title: Royal Brierley): Royal Brierley is a crystal glass manufacturer, based in Brierley Hill, Dudley, West Midlands. It is one of the oldest crystal glass manufacturers in England.

Document (Title: Francis Gurney du Pont): Francis Gurney du Pont (May 27, 1850 – November 7, 1904) was the creator of smokeless gunpowder. Du Pont served as superintendent of the Upper and Lower Hagley Yards and later as general manager of Carney's Point, New Jersey, in 1891. His invention was assisted by cousin Pierre S. du Pont. His son was E. Paul du Pont, founder of Du Pont Motors.

Document (Title: William Allen White Cabins): The William Allen White Cabins are chiefly associated with newspaper editor William Allen White, who adopted what would become Rocky Mountain National Park as his summer residence from 1912 to his death in 1944. White had visited Estes Park, Colorado while in college, and had previously summered in Colorado Springs. In 1912, White and his wife Sallie purchased an 1887 cabin near Estes Park. The Whites expanded it the next year and built a privy, studio, and two guest cabins.

Document (Title: Hill &amp; Smith): The company was founded as by Edward Hill as Hill's Ironworks at Brierley Hill in 1824; Henry Smith joined the business which became a partnership. Historic projects included fencing for Queen Victoria in 1860, ornamental gates the King Chulalongkorn of Siam in around 1900, materials for the Naval Base Simon's Town in 1910 and components for the Sydney Harbour Bridge in 1932. It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in March 1969.

Document (Title: Titus Pomponius): Titus Pomponius was a member of the "Gens Pomponia" and a direct descendant in male line of Pomponius, the first son of Numa Pompilius, the second King of Rome, and came from an old but not strictly noble Roman family of the equestrian class. He was the owner of an excellent library in his house at the Appian Way, lord of a great fortune, partner of many companies of publicans and of important companies of fishing and conserves (essentially garum) in Gades, in Hispania, and of great properties in Illyricum.

Document (Title: Ford NAA tractor): The Ford NAA tractor (also known as the Ford NAA) is a tractor that was introduced by Ford as an entirely new model in 1953 and dubbed the "Golden Jubilee". The "NAA" designation was a reference to the first three digits of the serial number style used starting with this tractor. It was designed as a replacement for the Ford N-Series tractors. Larger than the 8N, the Golden Jubilee featured live hydraulics, a 50th-year Golden Jubilee badging, an overhead-valve "Red Tiger" four-cylinder engine and streamlined styling, but just as significantly, it was the first tractor Ford built after losing its court battle with Harry Ferguson in 1952 over the patents the Irish inventor held on the Ferguson System three-point hitch.

Document (Title: Speonk (LIRR station)): Speonk is an unmanned railroad station on the Montauk Branch of the Long Island Rail Road. It is located on Phillips Avenue at Depot Road in Speonk, New York, just north of Montauk Highway (CR 80). The station has two parking lots, one operated by the Long Island Rail Road, and the other operated by the Town of Southampton, both of which are free. It also lies adjacent to one of the largest railroad yards on Long Island's East End. This yard is mostly used to hold passenger consists, as most scheduled trains terminate at Speonk rather than continue all the way to Montauk.

Document (Title: Ferguson TE20): The Ferguson TE20 is an agricultural tractor designed by Harry Ferguson. By far his most successful design, it was manufactured from 1946 until 1956, and was commonly known as the "Little Grey Fergie". It is light-weight but effective, and a popular collector's item for enthusiasts today.

Document (Title: Playing company): In Renaissance London, playing company was the usual term for a company of actors. These companies were organized around a group of ten or so shareholders (or "sharers"), who performed in the plays but were also responsible for management. The sharers employed "hired men" that is, the minor actors and the workers behind the scenes. The major companies were based at specific theatres in London; the most successful of them, William Shakespeare's company the King's Men, had the open-air Globe Theatre for summer seasons and the enclosed Blackfriars Theatre in the winters. The Admiral's Men occupied the Rose Theatre in the 1590s, and the Fortune Theatre in the early 17th century.

Question 1: John du Pont served 30 years in prison for the murder of which Olympic wrestler?
Question 2: In which city was the Ferguson monoplane designed by Harry Ferguson built?
Question 3: In Brierley Hill what factory was closed down in 1980s to develop a shopping center made in the 1985 and 1990?
Question 4:  Beyond Good and Evil: Prelude to a Philosophy of the Future and  Thus Spoke Zarathustra: A Book for All and None are both philosophical novels by what German philosopher?
Question 5: What town does Speonk and Speonk, New York have in common?
Question 6: How large is the Sabden village, which is located in the Ribble Valley, within the non-metropolitan county of Lancashire, England?
Question 7: What are the two most important companies of actors in Renaissance London that William Allen belonged to?
Question 8: What 2013 film is a sequel to an adaptation to of Woon Swee Oan's novel series "Si Da Ming Bu" (四大名捕; "The Four Great Constables")?
Question 9: The Pearl Buck Award is distributed by the Sino-American Foundation for the Advancement of Hermeneutical Studies to teachers, this award is named for which Chinese-raised, Nobel Prize-winning humanitarian?
Question 10: Bullhorn is a cloud computing company headquartered inBoston, Massachusetts, besides its Boston headquarters, the company has operations in St. Louis, London, Vancouver and which state capital of New South Wales and the most populous city in Australia and Oceania?

### Response:

--- EXPECTED OUTPUT (completion) ---

David Leslie "Dave" Schultz, Belfast, Round Oak Steelworks, Friedrich Nietzsche, Southampton, The parish is 2,451 acres, Queen Henrietta's Men and the King's Men, The Four II, Pearl Sydenstricker Buck, Sydney


================================================================================
  TRAIN Example 3
  Documents: 50 | Prompt chars: 26,717 | Output chars: 112
================================================================================

--- MODEL INPUT (prompt) ---

Below is an instruction that describes a task, paired with an input that provides further context. Write a response that appropriately completes the request.

### Instruction:
Use the given documents to answer each of the following questions. Write a concise and short answer for each question, in order, as a comma-separated list.
Write your answer in the following format:
Answers: [answer1], [answer2], ...

### Input:
Document (Title: No Small Affair): No Small Affair is a 1984 American comedy-drama film directed by Jerry Schatzberg and starring Jon Cryer and Demi Moore. Cryer, Jennifer Tilly and Tim Robbins make their film debuts.

Document (Title: Jesu, der du meine Seele, BWV 78): Johann Sebastian Bach composed the church cantata Jesu, der du meine Seele (Jesus, You, who my soul), BWV 78 , is a church cantata of Johann Sebastian Bach. He composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig for the 14th Sunday after Trinity and first performed it on 10 September 1724. It is based on the hymn by Johann Rist.

Document (Title: The War Is Over: The Best of Phil Ochs): The War Is Over: The Best of Phil Ochs is a 1988 compilation album of Phil Ochs' works on A&M Records recorded between 1967 and 1970. With varying amounts of tracks from the albums, between two and five, from each album except "Gunfight At Carnegie Hall" (which was unrepresented), it paints a portrait of Ochs' later works that does not emphasize his folk songs, instead presenting the more introspective and/or experimental tracks. It did feature a live version of "I Ain't Marching Anymore" later reissued as a part of the 1991 album that presented the entire concert from which it was culled, "".

Document (Title: Babića bašća): Babića bašča "(Babić's garden)" is a local community within the municipality of Stari Grad, Sarajevo. It's one of the oldest neighborhoods in the city of Sarajevo. It derives its name from a garden that was the property of a certain Babić family, and it was located in a street that now has the same name as the local community. The reason why it's named after a garden is that because almost all houses had gardens in their courtyards and in summer, many people who traveled through Sarajevo in the past, described Sarajevo as a green oasis surrounded by hills, making those gardens something as a symbol of the city. The street and old cemetery Alifakovac is located here and therefore the neighborhood is locally and throughout the city known as Alifakovac. It borders the local communities of Baščaršija, Vratnik and Mošćanica to the north, Hrid – Jarčedoli to the south, Bistrik to the west and the Entity of Republika Srpska to the east. The local community counts a population of 2,526.

Document (Title: Phil Ochs): Philip David Ochs ( ; December 19, 1940 – April 9, 1976) was an American protest singer (or, as he preferred, a topical singer) and songwriter who was known for his sharp wit, sardonic humor, earnest humanism, political activism, insightful and alliterative lyrics, and distinctive voice. He wrote hundreds of songs in the 1960s and 1970s and released eight albums.

Document (Title: Heritage Hospital): Heritage Hospital is a hospital located in Tarboro, North Carolina. It is a part of the University Health Systems of Eastern Carolina (UHSEC). Edgecombe General Hospital opened as a county-owned hospital in 1916. It succeeded Pittman Hospital, which opened in 1901. In 1959, the Hill-Burton Act helped combine Edgecombe General Hospital, with three other facilities. Edgecombe County sold the hospital to Hospital Corporation of America (HCA) in 1982. HCA opened a 127-bed facility in 1985, named Heritage Hospital. UHSEC bought Heritage Hospital in 1998 from HCA. The hospitals focus is as a community hospital. The hospital has 101 general and 16 rehabilitation hospital beds. It has five Shared Inpatient/Ambulatory Surgery, two Endoscopy, and one C-Section operating rooms.

Document (Title: Gabriel &amp; Dresden): Gabriel & Dresden is the project name of the American DJs and producers Josh Gabriel and Dave Dresden from San Francisco. They collaborated from 2001 to 2008, then again from 2011 to the present. During that time, they have created numerous hit songs and remixes, some of which are considered all-time classics. They won the coveted Winter Music Conference IDMA award for "Best American DJ" twice, in 2007 and 2008, the latter time on the same day that the group split up. The pair reunited in early 2011 and proceeded on a reunion tour, which began at Ruby Skye in San Francisco on March 4, 2011.

Document (Title: Cassadaga, Florida): Cassadaga (a Seneca Indian word meaning ""Water beneath the rocks"") is a small unincorporated community located in Volusia County, Florida, United States, just north of Deltona. It is especially known for having a large number of psychics and mediums, and has consequently been named the "Psychic Capital of the World".

Document (Title: Grégory Tadé): Grégory Tadé (born 2 September 1986) is a French professional footballer of Ivorian descent who plays for club Maccabi Petah Tikva in Israeli Premier League as a forward.

Document (Title: Anthony Martial): Anthony Joran Martial (] ; born 5 December 1995) is a French professional footballer who plays as a forward for English club Manchester United and the France national team. He was the recipient of the 2015 Golden Boy Award for the best under-21 player in Europe.

Document (Title: Laura Bush): Laura Lane Welch Bush (born November 4, 1946) is the wife of the 43rd President of the United States, George W. Bush, and was the First Lady from 2001 to 2009.

Document (Title: Farewells &amp; Fantasies): Farewells & Fantasies is the 1997 posthumous box set of the work of singer/songwriter Phil Ochs, chronicling his life and career in music from 1964 through 1970. With its non-chronological running order, it plays like three separate albums, each showcasing a different side of Ochs. The compilation was produced by Gary Stewart, Michael Ochs (Phil's brother) and Meegan Lee Ochs (Phil's daughter). Liner notes include a foreword by Meegan Lee Ochs, "The Sound of Freedom Callin'" by Michael Ventura and "Song of a Soldier: The Life and Times of Phil Ochs" by Mark Kemp, (Music News Editor of "Rolling Stone,") track-by-track explanations by Ben Edmonds, discography, selected bibliography, and many photographs, some of which are from the family's private collections. The box set is dedicated to a friend, co-writer, and inspiration to Phil Ochs, Bob Gibson, who died while the box set was in production. Its title comes from the back of Ochs' LP "Tape from California."

Document (Title: Shay Holtzman): Shay Holtsman (Hebrew: שי הולצמן‎ ‎ , born January 1, 1974) is a retired Israeli footballer. He played as a striker in the top level of Israeli league football for Maccabi Netanya, Maccabi Haifa, Tzafririm Holon, Hapoel Be'er Sheva, Beitar Jerusalem, Hapoel Haifa, Maccabi Petah Tikva, Ironi Rishon leZion, F.C. Ashdod and for the Israel national team. He also played for Austrian giants Austria Wien for one season. He is widely considered as one of the greatest strikers of all time, being both F.C. Ashdod's and the Israeli Premier League's record goalscorer. After retiring as a player, Holtzman worked as an assistant manager in F.C. Ashdod and Maccabi Netanya.

Document (Title: Milton Pond): Milton Pond is a 271 acre water body located along the border between Strafford County, New Hampshire, and York County, Maine in the northeastern United States. The lake lies in the towns of Milton, New Hampshire, and Lebanon, Maine. It connects with Northeast Pond to the northeast, and with Town House Pond to the north. A dam at the outlet of Milton Pond controls the water level for all three lakes. Below the dam, the Salmon Falls River flows southeast along the Maine-New Hampshire border until it reaches the Piscataqua River.

Document (Title: Governorship of George W. Bush): George W. Bush served as the 46th Governor of Texas from 1995 until 2000, when he resigned as governor following his election as the 43rd President of the United States. As governor, Bush successfully sponsored legislation for tort reform, increased education funding, set higher standards for schools, and reformed the criminal justice system. Bush also pioneered faith-based welfare programs and helped make Texas the leading producer of wind powered electricity in the US.

Document (Title: Central Valley General Hospital): Central Valley General Hospital is a rural 49-bed hospital in Hanford, California, specializing in obstetrical care. It features a women's services unit and an intensive care neonatal nursery. It also offers extensive Community Care clinic services serving communities in Kings, Tulare and southern Fresno counties. Central Valley General Hospital is a part of the Seventh-day Adventist hospital system. Central Valley General Hospital is a part of a division of Adventist Health known as the "Adventist Health/Central Valley Network," consisting of Central Valley General Hospital, Adventist Medical Center - Hanford, Adventist Medical Center - Selma, Adventist Medical Center - Reedley, and over 30 Adventist Health/Community Care clinics throughout a 2500 sqmi region in the Central Valley.

Document (Title: Electoral history of George W. Bush): George W. Bush, 43rd President of the United States (2001–2009); 46th Governor of Texas (1995–2000).

Document (Title: George W. Bush): George Walker Bush (born July 6, 1946) is an American politician who served as the 43rd President of the United States from 2001 to 2009. He was also the 46th Governor of Texas from 1995 to 2000. After graduating from Yale University in 1968 and Harvard Business School in 1975, he worked in the oil industry. Bush married Laura Welch in 1977 and ran unsuccessfully for the House of Representatives shortly thereafter. He later co-owned the Texas Rangers baseball team before defeating Ann Richards in the 1994 Texas gubernatorial election. Bush was elected president in 2000 after a close and controversial win over Democratic rival Al Gore, becoming the fourth president to be elected while receiving fewer popular votes than his opponent.

Document (Title: Kim Seung-hyun (basketball)): Kim Seung-hyun (; born November 23, 1978), is a South Korean basketball player. He was a cast member in the variety show "Real Men". In February 2017, he appeared on MBC's variety show "King of Mask Singer" (episode 99) as a contestant.

Document (Title: Organized Nature): Organized Nature is a record label founded in the spring of 2005 by San Francisco DJs Gabriel & Dresden. The label is UK based via Gabriel & Dresden's management company and Plastic Fantastic Label Management.

Document (Title: Johann Sebastian Bach): Johann Sebastian Bach (31 March [O.S. 21 March] 1685 28 July 1750) was a German composer and musician of the Baroque period. He is known for instrumental compositions such as the "Brandenburg Concertos" and the "Goldberg Variations", and vocal music such as the "St Matthew Passion" and the Mass in B minor. Since the 19th-century Bach Revival he has been generally regarded as one of the greatest composers of all time.

Document (Title: Lovell Lake): Lovell Lake is a 538 acre water body in Carroll County in eastern New Hampshire, United States, in the town of Wakefield. The lake is both spring-fed and fed by small streams including Horse Brook. The outlet of the lake, located at the village of Sanbornville, is the beginning of the Branch River. From here, the Branch River flows through Milton where it joins the Salmon Falls River on the Maine-New Hampshire border. The Salmon Falls River empties into the tidal waters of the Piscataqua River northwest of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, then into the Gulf of Maine.

Document (Title: Émile Mbamba): Émile Bertrand Mbamba (born 27 October 1982 in Yaoundé) is a Cameroonian football striker, who currently plays for Indonesia Super League side Persebaya Surabaya. He also played for Vitesse Arnhem, Maccabi Tel Aviv, Maccabi Petah Tikva, Vitória Setúbal, Arema Malang, Daegu FC and Botev Plovdiv.

Document (Title: Tia Carrere): Althea Rae Janairo (born January 2, 1967), known professionally as Tia Carrere, is an American actress, model, voice actress, and singer who obtained her first big break as a regular on the daytime soap opera "General Hospital".

Document (Title: Sei Lob und Ehr dem höchsten Gut, BWV 117): Sei Lob und Ehr dem höchsten Gut (Praise and honour be to the highest good), BWV 117, is a church cantata by Johann Sebastian Bach. He composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig between 1728 and 1731 for no specific occasion, based on the hymn by Johann Jacob Schütz.

Document (Title: Great Works River): The Great Works River is a 30.6 mi river in southwestern Maine in the United States. It rises in central York County and flows generally south past North Berwick to meet the tidal part of the Salmon Falls River at South Berwick.

Document (Title: João Gilberto (1973 album)): João Gilberto is a bossa nova album by João Gilberto, originally released in Brazil as a vinyl LP in 1973 and reissued on CD in 1988. João Gilberto released another album named "João Gilberto" in 1961, as well as several EPs with only his name as title. The minimal instrumentation – just Gilberto's guitar and voice, plus Sonny Carr's very sparse percussion – and the relentless beat give the album a hypnotic feel. The album's sound engineer was famous electronic music pioneer Wendy Carlos. This album is often referred to as João Gilberto's "white album", in a reference to The Beatles' "White Album".

Document (Title: Herz und Mund und Tat und Leben, BWV 147): Johann Sebastian Bach composed the church cantata Herz und Mund und Tat und Leben (Heart and mouth and deed and life), BWV 147 , in 1723 during his first year as "Thomaskantor", the director of church music in Leipzig. His cantata is part of his first cantata cycle there and was written for the Marian feast of the Visitation on 2 July, which commemorates Mary's visit to Elizabeth as narrated in the Gospel of Luke in the prescribed reading for the feast day. Bach based the music on his earlier cantata BWV 147a, written originally in Weimar in 1716 for Advent. He expanded the Advent cantata in six movements to ten movements in two parts in the new work. While the text of the Advent cantata was written by the Weimar court poet Salomo Franck, the librettist of the adapted version who added several recitatives is anonymous.

Document (Title: Proton Radio): Proton Radio is an internet electronic music station. Founded in 2002 by Sam Packer, Alex Ambroziak, and Eric Liberda, the station features over 200 exclusive shows from various DJs around the world. They have featured guest DJ sets from such DJs as Sasha, Luke Chable, James Zabiela, Anthony Pappa, Kasey Taylor, Lance Cashion, Oliver Lieb, Way Out West, and many others. Since 2003, they have also staged an event at the annual Winter Music Conference.

Document (Title: Piscataqua River): The Piscataqua River ( ) is a 12 mi tidal river forming the boundary of the U.S. states of New Hampshire and Maine from its origin at the confluence of the Salmon Falls River and Cocheco River. The drainage basin of the river is approximately 1495 sqmi , including the subwatersheds of the Great Works River and the five rivers flowing into Great Bay: the Bellamy, Oyster, Lamprey, Squamscott, and Winnicut.

Document (Title: Neil Bush): Neil Mallon Pierce Bush (born January 22, 1955) is an American businessman and investor. He is the fourth of six children of former President George H. W. Bush and Barbara Bush (née Pierce). His five siblings are George W. Bush, the 43rd President of the United States; Jeb Bush, a former governor of Florida; Robin Bush, who died of leukemia at the age of three; Marvin; and Dorothy. Neil Bush is currently a businessman based in Texas.

Document (Title: Disney Junior (Latin America)): Disney Junior Latin America is a cable television channel and is a version of The Walt Disney Company-owned Disney Junior, broadcasting in all Latin America. It is broadcast in three feeds: North Zone, South Zone and Brazil. It is marketed to preschoolers. Disney Junior is operated by Disney & ESPN Media Networks Latin America and The Walt Disney Company Latin America, both of The Walt Disney Company. It was launched on June 1, 2008 as Playhouse Disney Channel. Formerly it only was a programming block in the mornings of Disney Channel Latin America, where it still is a programming block, as Disney Junior en/no Disney Channel. The programs are very similar to the Disney Junior channel and Disney Junior on Disney Channel block in the United States. However, the channel also airs non-original programming.

Document (Title: South Berwick, Maine): South Berwick is a town in York County, Maine, United States. The population was 7,220 at the 2010 census. South Berwick is home to Berwick Academy, a private, co-educational university-preparatory day school founded in 1791.

Document (Title: Dirtybird Records): Dirtybird is an independent electronic music record label based in Los Angeles, California. The label was founded in January 2005 by Claude VonStroke and specializes in a brand of house music he describes as "tech funk." Dirtybird caters to dance music fans who are seeking something a little more laid back on the dance floor. Their catalog is fun party music that never takes itself too seriously. Dirtybird won "Underground Label of the Year" at the International Dance Music Awards during Winter Music Conference in 2013 (presented in 2014) and 2014 (presented in 2015).

Document (Title: King of Mask Singer): Mystery Music Show: King of Mask Singer () is a South Korean singing competition program presented by Kim Sung-joo, with introductions by voice actor . It airs on MBC on Sunday at 16:50, starting from April 5, 2015 as a part of MBC's "Sunday Night" programming block, along with "Real Men", replacing "Animals".

Document (Title: Salmon Falls Creek): Salmon Falls Creek is a tributary of the Snake River, flowing from northern Nevada into Idaho in the United States. Formed in high mountains at the northern edge of the Great Basin, Salmon Falls Creek flows northwards 121 mi , draining an arid and mountainous basin of 2103 mi2 . The Salmon Falls Creek valley served as a trade route between the Native American groups of the Snake River Plain and Great Basin. Today, most of its water is used for irrigation.

Document (Title: Sings for Broadside): Sings For Broadside, alternatively known as "Broadside Ballads, Vol. 10", was a 1976 compilation of songs that Phil Ochs had recorded for Broadside Magazine as demonstration recordings or at benefit shows for them. Initially, Ochs had hoped for the magazine to release one single concert, but when the material he presented to them came up far too short for a full LP and not featuring several of his best and well-known numbers, he suggested they splice on whatever they desired. The result was this album, which featured tracks recorded between about 1965 and about 1973.

Document (Title: Cassadaga (album)): Cassadaga is the seventh studio album by Bright Eyes, released on April 10, 2007. Around 25 to 30 songs were recorded in 2006, with 13 of these appearing on the final track list. The album is named after the town of Cassadaga, Florida, a community of mediums and followers of spiritualism.

Document (Title: Dustin Hoffman filmography): American actor Dustin Hoffman began his career by appearing in an episode of "Naked City" in 1961. His first theatrical performance was 1961's "A Cook for Mr. General" as Ridzinski. Following several guest appearances on television, he starred in the 1966 play "Eh? "; his performance garnered him both a Theatre World Award and Drama Desk Award. Hoffman made his film debut in 1967 when he appeared in the comedy "The Tiger Makes Out". In the same year, his breakthrough role as Benjamin "Ben" Braddock, the title character in Mike Nichols' comedy-drama "The Graduate", led to Hoffman achieving star status and his first Academy Award nomination. He then acted in the play "Jimmy Shine" as the eponymous character and the comedy film "Madigan's Millions" (both 1968). In 1969, he starred alongside Jon Voight in the Academy Award for Best Picture winner "Midnight Cowboy", which Hoffman was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor a second time.

Document (Title: Triboro Hospital for Tuberculosis): Triboro Hospital for Tuberculosis or Triboro Tuberculosis Hospital, later simply Triboro Hospital and now known as "Building T" or the "T Building", is a former municipal tuberculosis sanatorium and later a general hospital located on the campus of Queens Hospital Center in Jamaica, Queens, New York City. Completed in 1941, it was merged with the adjacent Queens General Hospital to form Queens Hospital Center in the 1950s, and converted into a general hospital by the 1970s. Now primarily used for administrative purposes, several plans have been proposed to reuse the site, or to preserve the building as a historic landmark.

Document (Title: Shea Kerry): Shea Kerry is an American writer and producer. He played the role of "Steve" in the thriller "Dark Honeymoon" (2008), starring Academy Award nominee Roy Scheider ("All That Jazz", "The French Connection"), Academy Award nominee Eric Roberts ("Runaway Train"), Steve Wilder, and Daryl Hannah.

Document (Title: Hella International): Hella International is a yearly music event presented by Stones Throw Records at Miami's Winter Music Conference.

Document (Title: Unser Mund sei voll Lachens, BWV 110): Unser Mund sei voll Lachens (May our mouth be full of laughter), BWV 110 , is a church cantata by Johann Sebastian Bach. He composed the Christmas cantata in Leipzig for Christmas Day and first performed it on 25 December 1725.

Document (Title: Kim Seung-hyun): Kim Seung-hyun () is a Korean name consisting of the family name Kim and the given name Seung-hyun, and may also refer to:

Document (Title: Jennifer Tilly): Jennifer Tilly (born Jennifer Ellen Chan; September 16, 1958) is an American-Canadian actress and poker player. She is a World Series of Poker Ladies' Event bracelet winner. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Olive Neal in the film "Bullets over Broadway" (1994). Her other film roles include "Let It Ride" (1989) "Made in America" (1993), "Bound" (1996), "Liar Liar" (1997) and "Bride of Chucky" (1998). She has done extensive voice-over work including Celia in "Monsters, Inc." (2001). She is the older sister of actress Meg Tilly.

Document (Title: Country Life (Show of Hands album)): Country Life is the eleventh studio album by English acoustic roots duo Show of Hands. Released in 2003, it marks a departure for the band, with stronger socially and politically lyrics than the duo's previous albums, as well as showcasing the duo exploring a larger musical palette. Some of the album's lyrics concern rural issues which Knightley had taken to heart in previous years, including in the aftermath of their previous lyrical album "Cold Frontier" (2001). Prior to the release of "Country Life", the duo had released an instrumental album named "The Path". Both "The Path" and "Country Life" were released close together. The album was packaged in a lavish set which included a bonus disc of demo versions and other bonus material. The album's title track was also promoted by the band's first music video.

Document (Title: Dark Honeymoon): Dark Honeymoon is a 2008 thriller film, starring Lindy Booth, Nick Cornish, Tia Carrere, Daryl Hannah, Roy Scheider and Eric Roberts. It was directed by David O'Malley and released direct-to-video on July 22, 2008.

Document (Title: Büyük Ev Ablukada): Büyük Ev Ablukada (literally Large House in Blockade) is a Turkish music group founded in Istanbul in 2008. The band was started by Afordisman Salihins and Canavar Banavar. After some time the band turned into an electrical version, which is described by "Full Faça" . Büyük Ev Ablukada became well-known in a very short time with the help of their own songs and special concerts. The group members use aliases instead of their own names and some of the original names of the members are still unknown. They first released a concert record named "Ay Şuram Ağrıyo" and an album named "Olmadı Kaçarız", and then in 21 December 2012, they released their debut album "Full Faça," which was issued in both CD and disc format by their own record company, Olmadı Kaçarız.

Document (Title: Johan Martial): Johan Martial (born 30 May 1991 in Massy) is a French football player who currently plays for Maccabi Petah Tikva. He is a France youth international having earned caps with both the under-18 and under-19 teams. He is also the older brother of Manchester United F.C. forward Anthony Martial.

Document (Title: Ignite!): Ignite! Learning, Inc. is an educational software and hardware company co-founded in 1999 by Texas businessman Neil Bush and a year later Ken Leonard. Neil is a brother of Former President George W. Bush and Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, and son of former President George Herbert Walker Bush. Alan Davis resigned as the President and CEO in November, 2009. Ken Leonard is the current acting CEO.

Question 1: Johan Martial, is a French football player who currently plays for Maccabi Petah Tikva, and is also the older brother of Manchester United F.C. forward Anthony Martial, a French professional footballer who plays as a forward for which country's national team?
Question 2: Which former president of the United States, married to Laura Lane Welch Bush, was the 46th Governor of Texas from 1995 to 2000?
Question 3: For which role was actress who made her debut in the film  No Small Affair nominated for an Academy Award ? 
Question 4: What programming block are the two shows that Kim Seung-hyun has appeared on?
Question 5: Which magazine recorded an album by Phil Ochs released the year he died? 
Question 6: What is the name of the band who released an album named after a city known for its large number of psychics?
Question 7: In what year did the San Francisco DJs who founded Organized Nature in 2005 first win the Winter Music Conference IDMA award?
Question 8:  The Great Works River flows to meet the tidal part of the Salmon Falls River at a town with a co-educational university-preparatory day school founded in what year?
Question 9: Unser Mund sei voll Lachens is a church cantata by a composer born in what year?
Question 10: What "General Hospital" actress was featured in the 2008 thriller Dark Honeymoon?

### Response:

--- EXPECTED OUTPUT (completion) ---

France, George W. Bush, Olive Neal, Sunday Night, Broadside Magazine, Bright Eyes, 2007, 1791, 1685, Tia Carrere


################################################################################
#  EVAL EXAMPLES (from data/multi_hotpotqa_train_n10_k50_bridge_5000.jsonl)
#  Formatted by: eval script with use_alpaca=True, shots=0
################################################################################

================================================================================
  EVAL Example 1
  Documents: 50 | Prompt chars: 27,557 | Output chars: 128
================================================================================

--- MODEL INPUT (prompt) ---

Below is an instruction that describes a task, paired with an input that provides further context. Write a response that appropriately completes the request.

### Instruction:
Use the given documents to answer each of the following questions. Write a concise and short answer for each question, in order, as a comma-separated list.
Write your answer in the following format:
Answers: [answer1], [answer2], ...

### Input:
Document (Title: Olt Defile): The Olt Defile is a defile that has been cut into the Transyvanian Alps in south-central Romania by the Olt River. In the Brezoi-Titesti Depression portion of the defile are located hot spring resorts. In the surrounding mountains grow Walnut and oak trees, wild roses, and white ivy. Transportation is provided by highways and railways between Râmnicu Vâlcea and Sibiu.

Document (Title: East Coast Main Line): The East Coast Main Line (ECML) is a 393 mi major railway link between London and Edinburgh via Peterborough, Doncaster, Wakefield, Leeds, York, Darlington and Newcastle, electrified along the whole route. Services north of Edinburgh to Aberdeen and Inverness use diesel trains. The main franchise on the line is operated by Virgin Trains East Coast.

Document (Title: The String Cheese Incident): The String Cheese Incident (SCI) is an American band from Crested Butte and Telluride, Colorado, formed in 1993. The band is composed of Michael Kang (acoustic/electric mandolin, electric guitar, and violin), Michael Travis (drums and percussion), Bill Nershi (acoustic guitar, lap steel guitar, and electric slide guitar), Kyle Hollingsworth (piano, organ, Rhodes, and accordion), and Keith Moseley (bass guitar), and, in 2004, Jason Hann (auxiliary percussion).

Document (Title: Tha Feelstyle): Tha Feelstyle is the stage name of award-winning hip hop artist Kas Futialo, a New Zealander of Samoan descent. His first album was "Break It To Pieces" in 2004. Tha Feelstyle was born in Samoa and moved to New Zealand in the 1980s. He raps in English as well as the Samoan language.

Document (Title: Adolf Bernhard Meyer): Adolf Bernhard Meyer (11 October 1840, Hamburg – 22 August 1911, Dresden) was a German anthropologist, ornithologist, entomologist, and herpetologist. He served for nearly thirty years as director of the Königlich Zoologisches und Anthropologisch-Ethnographisches Museum (now the natural history museum or Museum für Tierkunde Dresden) in Dresden. He worked on comparative anatomy and appreciated ideas from evolution, and influenced many German scientists by translating the works of Darwin and Wallace into German in 1858. Influenced by the writings of Wallace with whom he interacted, he travelled to Southeast Asia, and collected specimens and recorded his observations from the region.

Document (Title: Suwannee Hulaween): Suwannee Hulaween is an annual music festival with a Halloween theme held since 2013 at the Spirit of the Suwannee Music Park in Live Oak, FL The festival is hosted and headlined by The String Cheese Incident. Suwannee Hulaween is produced by Silver Wrapper and Purple Hat Productions

Document (Title: Lily Laita): Lily Aitui Laita (born 1969) is an artist and art educator in New Zealand. Laita is of mixed Pākehā and Māori ancestry (Ngāti Raukawa), as well as of Samoan descent. Laita is known for using Māori, English and Samoan texts in her paintings.

Document (Title: Polarkreis 18): Polarkreis 18 was a German pop band from Dresden, Saxony. The bandmembers met at school, where they formed the Jack of all Trades ensemble in 1998. In 2004, they renamed their band "Polarkreis 18". Its musical style can be described as pop, synthpop and indietronic. Their albums include "Polarkreis 18" and more recently "The Colour Of Snow". Their single "Allein Allein" (Alone Alone) reached the number one position on the German Media Control Top100 Singles chart from 31 October 2008 to 4 December 2008 for 5 consecutive weeks and another 8 weeks on position number 2. It is one of the most successful singles in that country of all time. It has also been in the top ten of several other countries throughout Europe. It also made the number 1 position for 5 consecutive weeks in Denmark with a remake version of the Danish band Nephew.

Document (Title: Ioane Ioane): Ioane 'John' Ioane (born 1962) is a New Zealand artist of Samoan descent. His work is informed by his Samoan heritage and includes performance, film, painting, installation and sculpture. In conversation about his work "Fale Sā" with art historian Caroline Vercoe, Ioane states, "Sacred places are not necessarily a church, but it's a place where one likes to be in, a place of affirmation." Curator Ron Brownson writes, "Ioane's attitude to sculptural process is cosmological – his carvings bind present reality with a representation of the past."

Document (Title: Turnpike theory): Turnpike theory refers to a set of economic theories about the optimal path of accumulation (often capital accumulation) in a system, depending on the initial and final levels. In the context of a macroeconomic exogenous growth model, for example, it says that if an infinite optimal path is calculated, and an economic planner wishes to move an economy from one level of capital to another, as long as the planner has sufficient time, the most efficient path is to quickly move the level of capital stock to a level close to the infinite optimal path, and to allow capital to develop along that path until it is nearly the end of the desired term and the planner must move the capital stock to the desired final level. The name of the theory refers to the idea that a turnpike is the fastest route between two points which are far apart, even if it is not the most direct route.

Document (Title: Weghat Nazar): Weghat Nazar (Arabic: وجهات نظر) is an Arabic monthly magazine that features essays and book reviews on politics, culture, literature, and current affairs. The publication, whose name in Arabic means ‘points of views,’ was inspired by its editors’ vision that the only answer to difference in opinions is dialogue, and that dialogue is an exchange of ‘points of views.’

Document (Title: Operation Paperclip): Operation Paperclip was a secret program of the Joint Intelligence Objectives Agency (JIOA) in which more than 1,600 German scientists, engineers, and technicians, such as Wernher von Braun and his V-2 rocket team, were recruited in post-Nazi Germany and taken to the U.S. for government employment, at the end of World War II; many were members and some were leaders of the Nazi Party.

Document (Title: Pre-Celtic): The term pre-Celtic refers to the period in the prehistory of Central and Western Europe postdating the emergence of the Proto-Celtic language and cultures and predating the expansion of the Celts or their culture in Iron Age Europe and Anatolia (9th to 6th centuries BC). The area involved is that of the maximum extent of the Celtic languages in about the mid 1st century BC. The extent to which Celtic language, culture and genetics coincided and interacted during this period remains very uncertain and controversial.

Document (Title: JR Kobe Line): The JR Kobe Line (JR神戸線 , JR Kōbe sen ) is the nickname of portions of the Tokaido Main Line and the Sanyo Main Line, between Osaka Station in Osaka, Osaka Prefecture and Himeji Station in Himeji, Hyōgo Prefecture. The line, along with the JR Kyoto Line and the Biwako Line, forms a contiguous service that is the main trunk of West Japan Railway Company's Urban Network commuter rail network in the Osaka-Kobe-Kyoto Metropolitan Area. The line also offers continuous service to the Gakkentoshi Line via the JR Tōzai Line. It was damaged during the 1995 Great Hanshin earthquake.

Document (Title: Chiswick): Chiswick ( ) is a district of west London, England. Most of it is in the London Borough of Hounslow. Other parts of the W4 postcode area, including Chiswick Park tube station, Acton Green, and much of Bedford Park are in the London Borough of Ealing. It contains Hogarth's House, the former residence of the 18th-century English artist William Hogarth; Chiswick House, a neo-Palladian villa regarded as one of the finest in England; and Fuller's Brewery, London's largest and oldest brewery. It occupies a meander of the River Thames used for competitive and recreational rowing, with several rowing clubs on the river bank. The finishing post for the Boat Race is just downstream of Chiswick Bridge.

Document (Title: History of the Jews in Germany): Jewish settlers founded the Ashkenazi Jewish community in the Early (5th to 10th centuries CE) and High Middle Ages ("circa" 1000–1299 CE). The community survived under Charlemagne, but suffered during the Crusades. Accusations of well poisoning during the Black Death (1346–53) led to mass slaughter of German Jews, and they fled in large numbers to Poland. The Jewish communities of the cities of Mainz, Speyer, and Worms became the center of Jewish life during Medieval times. "This was a golden age as area bishops protected the Jews resulting in increased trade and prosperity." The First Crusade began an era of persecution of Jews in Germany. Entire communities, like those of Trier, Worms, Mainz, and Cologne, were murdered. The war upon the Hussite heretics became the signal for renewed persecution of Jews. The end of the 15th century was a period of religious hatred that ascribed to Jews all possible evils. The atrocities during the Khmelnytsky Uprising committed by Khmelnytskyi's Cossacks (1648, in the Ukrainian part of southeastern Poland) drove the Polish Jews back into western Germany. With Napoleon's fall in 1815, growing nationalism resulted in increasing repression. From August to October 1819, pogroms that came to be known as the Hep-Hep riots took place throughout Germany. During this time, many German states stripped Jews of their civil rights. As a result, many German Jews began to emigrate.

Document (Title: Paddy Ashdown): Jeremy John Durham Ashdown, Baron Ashdown of Norton-sub-Hamdon, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 27 February 1941), known as Paddy Ashdown, is a British politician and former diplomat who served as Leader of the Liberal Democrats from 1988 until August 1999.

Document (Title: Honkytonk Homeslice): Honkytonk Homeslice is a band created by The String Cheese Incident frontman Bill Nershi. The band consists of Bill Nershi, his wife Jilian Nershi, and singer-songwriter, Scott Law. Honkytonk Homeslice began in the summer of 2004, when the trio was singing and playing at their campsite at Horning's Hideout, during a String Cheese-sponsored music festival in Oregon.

Document (Title: One Dance): "One Dance" is a song by Canadian rapper Drake from his fourth studio album, "Views" (2016). It features guest vocals from Nigerian Afrobeat artist Wizkid and British singer Kyla. The artists co-wrote the dancehall and afrobeat song with its co-producers Nineteen85, DJ Maphorisa, and Noah "40" Shebib, with production assistance from Wizkid. Crazy Cousinz and Kyla also received songwriting credits for the sampling of their 2008 UK funky song "Do You Mind".

Document (Title: The Very Best of Cilla Black): The Very Best of Cilla Black is an original, career-spanning compilation album by English singer Cilla Black, released in October 2013 by Parlophone / Warner Music Group UK to mark her golden anniversary in show business. The album reached No. 37 in 2013 on the UK Albums Chart, which was Black's first Top 40 hit in thirty years. In September 2014, after the transmission of ITV biopic "Cilla" starring Sheridan Smith the album re-entered the UK Albums Chart and peaked at No. 26. The album was to make its ultimate peak at No. 1 after Black's death in August 2015, becoming her first number one album. It also reached No. 1 in New Zealand on 21 August 2015 and stayed there for 5 consecutive weeks, making it the first album to achieve this since Sole Mio's eponymous album in March 2014.

Document (Title: Kevin Porée): Kevin Porée (born 11 February 1965) is a British record producer, songwriter, composer, arranger and recording engineer. He is best known for his work with Mark Hole, Paul Young, Los Pacaminos, Senser, Joy Tobing, Hiding in Public, George Stiles and Anthony Drewe, Charlotte Gordon Cumming and for his associations with the composer / arranger Matheson Bayley and the eminent South African producer Neal Snyman.

Document (Title: Lani Tupu): Lani Tupu (born 4 November 1955 in Auckland, New Zealand), billed variously as Larney Tupu, John Tupu and Lani John Tupu, is a New Zealand-born classically trained actor of Samoan descent. He was educated at Rongotai College and Wellington Teacher's Training College. He was awarded a Queen Elizabeth II Arts Council Bursary in 1977 to enter New Zealand Drama School, where he graduated in 1978. Lani left New Zealand for Australia in 1985 to "branch out across the big pond."

Document (Title: Doncaster iPort): Doncaster iPort or Doncaster Inland Port is an intermodal rail terminal; a "Strategic Rail Freight Interchange", under construction west of Rossington and south of Doncaster at junction 3 of the M18 motorway in England. It is to be connected to the rail network via the line of the former South Yorkshire Joint Railway, and from an extension of the former Rossington Colliery branch from the East Coast Main Line.

Document (Title: Operation Damocles): Operation Damocles was a covert campaign of the Israeli Mossad in August 1962 targeting German scientists and technicians, formerly employed in Nazi Germany's rocket program, who were developing rockets for Egypt at a military site known as Factory 333. According to Otto Joklik, an Austrian scientist involved with the project, the rockets being developed were programmed to use a radioactive waste.

Document (Title: Falsettone): Falsettone is a term used in modern Italian musicology to describe a vocal technique used by male opera singers in the past, in which the fluty sounds typical of falsetto singing are amplified by using the same singing technique used in the modal voice register. The result is a bright, powerful tone, often very high-pitched, although the sound is still different from and more feminine than what is produced by the modal voice. The term "falsettone" is also used for the mixed vocal register that can be achieved using this technique.

Document (Title: DJ Maphorisa): Themba Sekowe (born  1988 ) popularly known by his stage name DJ Maphorisa, is a South African record producer and disk jockey who can sometimes feature vocals in songs. As a record producer with a blend of house music and afropop, he has worked with and has received production credits from several local and international notable artists including Wizkid, Kwesta, Uhuru, Drake, Black Coffee, and Runtown, C4 Pedro, among others. DJ Maphorisa is presently signed to his record label New Money Gang Records upon quitting Kalawa Jazmee Records.

Document (Title: Lebo M.): Lebohang “Lebo M.” Morake (born 20 May 1964) is a South African producer and composer most famous for arranging and performing music for "The Lion King" movies and stage productions. He was recommended to Disney by Hans Zimmer, the score composer of "The Lion King", and was later hired to form and conduct the African choir that sang for the movies. His voice is the first voice heard in the beginning of the film, singing the now famous chant (often considered synonymous with the film's image in popular culture) over the opening sequence. He also contributed to the sequel to the film's soundtrack, "Rhythm of the Pride Lands", and the film's direct-to-video sequel ".

Document (Title: Modal voice): Modal voice is the vocal register used most frequently in speech and singing in most languages. It is also the term used in linguistics for the most common phonation of vowels. The term "modal" refers to the resonant mode of vocal cords; that is, the optimal combination of airflow and glottal tension that yields maximum vibration.

Document (Title: Liberator (magazine)): Liberator is a radical liberal United Kingdom magazine associated with but not officially connected to the Liberal Democrats. Founded in 1970 as the magazine of the then Young Liberals, it has often published articles critical of the party leadership, in particular over the Liberal Party's debacle over nuclear disarmament in 1986, the merger of the Liberal Party and Social Democratic Party and the Tony Blair-Paddy Ashdown project.

Document (Title: Fuller's Brewery): Fuller's Brewery (Fuller, Smith & Turner plc) is an independent family regional brewery founded in 1845 in Chiswick, West London.

Document (Title: Breathe (Keller Williams album)): Breathe is an album recorded by Keller Williams with The String Cheese Incident, collectively known as the Keller Williams Incident.

Document (Title: Operation Epsilon): Operation Epsilon was the codename of a program in which Allied forces near the end of World War II detained ten German scientists who were thought to have worked on Nazi Germany's nuclear program. The scientists were captured between May 1 and June 30, 1945, as part of the Allied Alsos Mission, mainly as part of its Operation Big sweep through southwestern Germany.

Document (Title: Murder Ballads): Murder Ballads is the ninth studio album by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, released in 1996 on Mute Records. As its title suggests, the album consists of new and traditional murder ballads, a genre of songs that relays the details (and often consequences) of crimes of passion.

Document (Title: Sole Mio): Sole Mio (stylised as SOLΞ MIO) is a New Zealand musical trio consisting of brothers Pene Pati and Amitai Pati and their cousin Moses Mackay. Of Samoan descent and classically trained, the Pati brothers are operatic tenors and Mackay is a baritone.

Document (Title: Multiple kernel learning): Multiple kernel learning refers to a set of machine learning methods that use a predefined set of kernels and learn an optimal linear or non-linear combination of kernels as part of the algorithm. Reasons to use multiple kernel learning include a) the ability to select for an optimal kernel and parameters from a larger set of kernels, reducing bias due to kernel selection while allowing for more automated machine learning methods, and b) combining data from different sources (e.g. sound and images from a video) that have different notions of similarity and thus require different kernels. Instead of creating a new kernel, multiple kernel algorithms can be used to combine kernels already established for each individual data source.

Document (Title: Seven Stars, West Kensington): The Seven Stars is a former Fuller's pub at 253 North End Road, Fulham, London.

Document (Title: Euphonik): Euphonik, whose real name is Themba Mbongeni Nkosi (born 6 December 1983), is a South African DJ, music producer, and radio presenter. He is known mostly for playing House music. In 2013, his song with South African DJ, DJ Fresh and Nyanda, "Cool and Deadly", rose to number one on the 5FM Top 40. Since 2006, he has had a weekly radio show on the South African national radio station 5FM, My House which airs on Sunday evenings. He has been nominated for a number of accolades at the South African Music Awards and the Metro FM Music Awards. In 2014, he won his first award - a Metro FM award for Best Compilation Album for his album, For The Love of House Volume 5. He was nominated at the 2014 South African Music Awards for Remix of the Year for his song "Hallelujah Anyway".

Document (Title: Ernst Grube): Ernst Grube (born on 13 December 1932) is a German teacher and important witness of the Holocaust. He survived his detention at Theresienstadt concentration camp and has spoken out on several issues of Post-Nazi Germany.

Document (Title: DNA (magazine)): DNA is an Australian monthly magazine targeted at the gay male audience. The magazine features stories, celebrity profiles, pop culture reviews, fashion tips/reviews, grooming tips and photography. The magazine is available at most newsagencies in Australia, as well as larger book stores. Launched in Australia in 2000, the magazine is now available in many countries, including Canada, the United States, New Zealand, United Kingdom and several other countries in Europe.

Document (Title: Kyle Hollingsworth): Kyle Hollingsworth is an American rock keyboard player best known for playing in The String Cheese Incident. Kyle sings and plays electric piano, Hammond organ, clavinet, synthesizer and accordion.

Document (Title: Rail transport in Israel): Rail transport in Israel includes heavy rail (inter-city, commuter, and freight rail) as well as light rail. Excluding light rail, the network consists of 1001 km of track, and is undergoing constant expansion. All of the lines are standard gauge and as of 2016 the heavy rail network is in the initial stages of an electrification programme. A government owned company, Israel Railways, manages the entire heavy rail network. Most of the network is located on the densely populated coastal plain. The only light rail line in Israel is the Jerusalem Light Rail, though another line in Tel Aviv is currently under construction.

Document (Title: Chiswick flyover): The Chiswick flyover is a short elevated section of the M4 motorway in the western approaches to London, United Kingdom. The flyover in the west London suburb of Chiswick, was opened in 1959 with the intention of reducing congestion and the impact on local traffic of vehicles travelling around London on the North and South Circular Roads and between London and the west on the Great West Road. Although it was not originally built as a motorway, it later became incorporated into the M4 motorway.

Document (Title: Spin Alternative Record Guide): Spin Alternative Record Guide is a music reference book compiled by the American music magazine "Spin" and published in 1995 by Vintage Books. It was edited by rock critic Eric Weisbard and Craig Marks, who was the magazine's editor-in-chief at the time. The book features essays and reviews from a number of prominent critics on albums, artists, and genres considered relevant to the alternative music movement. Contributors who were consulted for the book include Ann Powers, Rob Sheffield, Simon Reynolds, Michael Azerrad, and Robert Christgau.

Document (Title: Quadrant (magazine)): Quadrant is an Australian literary and cultural journal. "Quadrant" reviews literature, as well as featuring essays on ideas and topics such as politics, history, universities, and the arts. It also publishes poetry and short stories.

Document (Title: Arthur Rudolph): Arthur Louis Hugo Rudolph (November 9, 1906 – January 1, 1996) was a German Nazi rocket engineer who was a leader of the effort to develop the V-2 rocket for Nazi Germany. After the war, the United States Government's Office of Strategic Services (OSS) brought him to the U.S. as part of the clandestine Operation Paperclip, where he became one of the main developers of the U.S. space program. He worked within the U.S. Army and NASA, where he managed the development of several systems, including the Pershing missile and the Saturn V Moon rocket. In 1984, the U.S. Government investigated him for war crimes, and he agreed to renounce his United States citizenship and leave the U.S. in return for not being prosecuted.

Document (Title: Michael Kang (musician)): Michael Kang, born in South Korea on May 13, 1971, is a multi-instrumentalist for the jam band The String Cheese Incident (often abbreviated to SCI).

Document (Title: Where the Wild Roses Grow): "Where the Wild Roses Grow" is a duet by Australian rock band Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds and pop singer Kylie Minogue. It is the fifth song and lead single from the band's ninth studio album, "Murder Ballads" (1996), released on Mute Records. It was written by the band's frontman Nick Cave and produced by Tony Cohen and Victor Van Vugt.

Document (Title: London Victoria station): Victoria station, also known as London Victoria, is a central London railway terminus and connected London Underground station in Victoria, in the City of Westminster, managed by Network Rail. The main line station is a terminus of the Brighton main line to and and the Chatham main line to and Dover via . From the main lines, trains can connect to the Catford Loop Line, Dartford Loop Line, and the Oxted line to and . Southern operates most commuter and regional services to south London, Sussex and parts of east Surrey, while Southeastern operates trains to south east London and Kent. Gatwick Express trains run direct to Gatwick. The Underground station is on the Circle and District lines between and , and the Victoria line between and . The area around the station is an important interchange for other forms of transport: a local bus station is in the forecourt and Victoria Coach Station is nearby.

Document (Title: John O'Sullivan (columnist)): John O'Sullivan, CBE (born 25 April 1942) is a British conservative political commentator and journalist. During the 1980s, he was a senior policywriter and speechwriter in 10 Downing Street for Margaret Thatcher when she was British prime minister and remained close to her up to her death. O'Sullivan served from 2008–2012 as vice-president and executive editor of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty. He is currently president of the Danube Institute and editor of the Australian monthly magazine "Quadrant". He is also a member of the board of advisors for the Global Panel Foundation, a respected NGO that works behind the scenes in crisis areas around the world.

Document (Title: Bet You Think I'm Lonely): Bet You Think I'm Lonely was the fourth album released by the Wild Strawberries, and the only album released under the band's own label Strawberry Records. It followed the release of the song "Life Sized Marilyn Monroe", which also became a track on this album. It was originally released in 1994, and the band toured to support and promote it in 1995. It was re-released in 1998 by Nettwerk, with whom the Wild Strawberries had signed a contract in 1995. The re-release featured cover artwork that was not as dark as the original.

Question 1:  Doncaster iPort is connected to the rail network through the main line that is what length?
Question 2: What South African producer and DJ co-wrote the song One Dance with Drake?
Question 3:  "Where the Wild Roses Grow" is a duet featured in an album released by which label ?
Question 4: How many German scientists, engineers, and technicians, were recruited in post-Nazi Germany as a result of the clandestine operation where Arthur Rudolph became one of the main developers of the U.S. ?space program
Question 5: From which state are The String Cheese Incident from?
Question 6: Which magazine published articles critical of Jeremy John Durham Ashdown?
Question 7:  John O'Sullivan is currently the editor of what Australian monthly magazine that reviews literature as well as features essays on ideas such as politics, history, universities and the arts?
Question 8: What term, more masculine than falsetto, refers to the optimal combination of airflow and glottal tensions that yields maximum vibration?
Question 9: What brothers of Samoan descent recorded an album that reached No. 1 in New Zealand and stayed there for 5 consecutive weeks?
Question 10: The Seven Stars is formerly an independent family regional brewery that was founded in Chiswick, West London in what year?

### Response:

--- EXPECTED OUTPUT (completion) ---

393 mi, DJ Maphorisa, Mute Records, more than 1,600, Colorado, Liberator, Quadrant, Modal voice, Pene Pati and Amitai Pati, 1845


================================================================================
  EVAL Example 2
  Documents: 50 | Prompt chars: 28,634 | Output chars: 191
================================================================================

--- MODEL INPUT (prompt) ---

Below is an instruction that describes a task, paired with an input that provides further context. Write a response that appropriately completes the request.

### Instruction:
Use the given documents to answer each of the following questions. Write a concise and short answer for each question, in order, as a comma-separated list.
Write your answer in the following format:
Answers: [answer1], [answer2], ...

### Input:
Document (Title: Fox Reality Awards): The Fox Reality Awards is an awards show to honor achievements in reality television. It was broadcast by the Fox Reality Channel from 2006 to 2009 when the channel was replaced in 2010 by National Geographic Wild.

Document (Title: Francesco Novello da Carrara): Francesco Novello da Carrara (19 May 1359 – 16 January 1406) was Lord of Padua after his father, Francesco il Vecchio, renounced the lordship on 29 June 1388; he was a member of the family of Carraresi. He married Taddea, daughter of Niccolò II d'Este, Lord of Modena.

Document (Title: Jeff Forshaw): Jeffrey Robert Forshaw (born 1968) is a British particle physicist with a special interest in quantum chromodynamics (QCD): the study of the behaviour of subatomic particles, using data from the HERA particle accelerator, Tevatron particle accelerator and the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) at CERN. Since 2004 he has been professor of particle physics in the School of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Manchester. He is the co-author of 5 books, most notably the worldwide bestselling popular science books "Why Does E=mc²? ", "The Quantum Universe" and "Universal: A guide to the cosmos", co-written with physicist Brian Cox. He has also written over 100 peer reviewed papers published in scientific journals and speaks at international science festivals for children and adults. He frequently acts as science consultant to the BBC and other media and is a columnist for "The Observer". Forshaw is a recipient of the Maxwell Medal and Prize for his outstanding contribution to particle physics, and the Kelvin Prize from the Institute of Physics for his exceptional contribution to the public understanding of physics.

Document (Title: HM Prison Edinburgh): Her Majesty's Prison Edinburgh is located in the west of Edinburgh on the main A71, in an area now known as Stenhouse, and, although never named as such, has been popularly known as Saughton Prison from the old name for the general area. The prison is situated on the edge of a predominantly residential area and has good transport and road links to the city centre, which provides good access both for local courts and visitors to the prison. The building of the prison started on 31 July 1914 with the first prisoner being received in 1919. The prison currently consists of five halls; Glenesk, Hermiston, Ingliston, Ratho and The Digger.

Document (Title: Patrick Johnston (Canadian politician)): Patrick Johnston {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} is a Canadian administrator, policy analyst and former politician. He was recruited by Liberal Party leader John Turner to contest the 1988 election for the party, but unexpectedly lost his nomination to a rival candidate supported by pro-life activists.

Document (Title: The Colosseum at Caesars Palace): The Colosseum at Caesars Palace is a theatre located on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas, Nevada. The theatre is the main entertainment venue for Caesars Palace. Deemed the "Home of the Greatest Entertainers in the World", the theatre hosts numerous residency shows by Celine Dion, Elton John, Rod Stewart, Cher, Bette Midler, Shania Twain, and Mariah Carey. Celine Dion has had the longest residency(1,110 shows as of June 2, 2018) at the venue grossing a total of $650 million since her arrival in 2003. She also performed her record-breaking 1000th show at the venue on October 8, 2016. The venue has an estimated seating capacity of 4,296 and is inspired by the architecture of ancient Rome along with aspects of contemporary architecture. The cost of the theatre totaled $108 million, becoming the most expensive entertainment venue in Las Vegas, beating the "O" Theatre at the Bellagio Las Vegas.

Document (Title: Bishop White Gallery of Chinese Temple Art): The Bishop White Gallery of Chinese Temple Art is one of four galleries in the Royal Ontario Museum (ROM) that are dedicated to Chinese art and archaeology. It contains one of the most important collections of Chinese temple art in the world, including three Yuan Dynasty (1271 – 1368 AD) temple wall paintings from Shanxi Province that adorn the three walls of the Gallery, and several wooden sculptures depicting bodhisattvas from the 12th to the 15th centuries. These are some of the earliest acquisitions and most iconic objects in the ROM.

Document (Title: American Made (song)): "American Made" is a song written by Bob DiPiero and Pat McManus, and recorded by American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys. It was released in February 1983 as the first single and title track from the album "American Made". The song was The Oak Ridge Boys' seventh number one on the country chart. The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of thirteen weeks on the country chart. "American Made was also one of their biggest cross-over hits peaking at number seventy-two on the Hot 100.

Document (Title: Carraresi): The Carraresi (or da Carrara) were an important family of northern Italy in the 12th to 15th centuries. As "signori" of Padua, their overwhelming power and patronage placed them in an isolated position far outshining any other single family. Their extensive land holdings in the Paduan "contado" were supplemented by extensive property within the "comune" itself, and their political prominence made them comparable to the Scaligeri of contemporary Verona, or the Visconti of Milan. Margaret Plant has examined how "in its period of domination in Padua from 1337 to 1405 the house of Carrara sustained a singular chapter in the history of patronage". Francesco il Vecchio, son of Giacomo, a close friend of Petrarch in his early years, was a noted patron of Petrarch himself and commissioned frescoes (destroyed) illustrating Petrarch's "De viris illustribus" in the palazzo, ca 1367-79, employing Guariento and others; Petrarch's retirement years were spent at Arquà, a Carrara fief, and he bequeathed to Francesco his picture of the Virgin by Giotto.

Document (Title: The Brak Show): The Brak Show is an American adult animated sitcom that aired on Adult Swim. "The Brak Show" was created by Andy Merrill, Jim Fortier, and Pete Smith, serving as a spin-off of the animated television series, "Space Ghost Coast to Coast", and featured recurring characters from "Space Ghost Coast to Coast" and "Cartoon Planet". Both programs used stock footage from the Hanna-Barbera cartoon "Space Ghost". The protagonist is Brak, voiced by Andy Merrill, who developed a quirky persona for the character.

Document (Title: Wet Seal): Wet Seal was an American teen clothing retailer headquartered in Foothill Ranch, California. It carried low, budget or economy priced brand name and company-designed apparel and accessories. The company was founded in Newport Beach, California by Lorne Huycke in 1962 as "Lorne's." The "Wet Seal" name comes from a comment Lorne Huycke made during a fashion show commenting that a model wearing a bathing suit looked like a "wet seal." The company was incorporated as Wet Seal in 1990.

Document (Title: Sealab 2021): Sealab 2021 is an American adult animated television series created by Adam Reed and Matt Thompson. It was shown on Cartoon Network's late-night programming block, Adult Swim. Cartoon Network aired the show's first three episodes in December 2000 before the official inception of the Adult Swim channel on September 2, 2001, with the final episode airing on April 25, 2005. "Sealab 2021" is a spin-off of "Space Ghost Coast to Coast", and is one of the four original Williams Street series that premiered in 2000 before Adult Swim officially launched, the others being "Aqua Teen Hunger Force", "The Brak Show" and "Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law".

Document (Title: Cypriot presidential election, 1988): Presidential elections were held in Cyprus on 14 February 1988, with a second round on 21 February. They were the first presidential elections in the country's history to go to a second round, and resulted in a victory for George Vassiliou as an independent candidate supported by AKEL after he finished as the runner-up behind Glafcos Clerides of the Democratic Rally in the first round. Voter turnout was 94.3% in both rounds.

Document (Title: Sleeping with Sirens): Sleeping with Sirens is an American rock band from Orlando, Florida currently residing in Grand Rapids, Michigan. The band was formed in 2009 by members of For All We Know and Paddock Park. The group is currently signed to Warner Bros. Records and have released four full-length albums and an acoustic EP. They rose to fame by their song "If I'm James Dean, You're Audrey Hepburn" which is the lead single from their debut album "With Ears to See and Eyes to Hear" which released in 2010. The group's third album "Feel" debuted at No. 3 on the US "Billboard" 200, and a fourth album entitled "Madness" was released on March 17, 2015 through Epitaph Records and spawned the single "Kick Me". Their fifth studio album, "Gossip", was released on September 22, 2017 on Warner Bros. Records. The group is known primarily for the versatility of vocalist Kellin Quinn's leggero tenor vocal range, along with the heavy sound used on their early work and the pop influences they used later into their career.

Document (Title: Jennifer Murphy): Jennifer Murphy (born March 19, 1979) is an American actress, producer, YouTube personality (JenniferMurphyGoGirl), singer/songwriter, entrepreneur and motivational speaker. Murphy is former Miss Oregon USA 2004 beauty queen, top-ten finalist at Miss USA 2004 and reality show contestant. Murphy is best known for her participation in the American reality series "The Apprentice" and has been featured on Access Hollywood, 20/20, CNN, FOX, FOX Reality and ABC. Jennifer is co-owner of Viral Video Media Group and CEO of Go Girl Worldwide,Inc. Jennifer is a content partner with Entrepreneur Network and produces entrepreneurial videos with an emphasis on empowering women. Murphy grew up in Rogue River, southern Oregon, with her eleven siblings (she is the second oldest among her five sisters and six brothers). She was partially home schooled but also attended Seton High School, from which she graduated in 1996.

Document (Title: Barry Seal): Adler Berriman "Barry" Seal (July 16, 1939 – February 19, 1986) was an American airline pilot who became a major drug smuggler for the Medellín Cartel. When Seal was convicted of smuggling charges, he became an informant for the Drug Enforcement Administration and testified in several major drug trials. He was murdered in 1986 by contract killers hired by Pablo Escobar, head of the Medellín Cartel.

Document (Title: Prestige (album)): Prestige is the sixth studio album and eleventh overall by Puerto Rican reggaeton singer-songwriter Daddy Yankee. It was released through El Cartel Records and Sony Music on September 11, 2012. The album currently has three singles, the lead "Ven Conmigo" was released on April 12, 2011. The second single "Lovumba" was released on October 4, 2011. The third single "Pasarela" was released on July 10, 2012. It was nominated for Urban Album of the Year at the Lo Nuestro Awards of 2013.

Document (Title: Hideki Yukawa): 湯川 秀樹 ("Yukawa Hideki" , 23 January 1907 – 8 September 1981 ) , was a Japanese theoretical physicist and the first Japanese Nobel laureate.

Document (Title: Ser Petracco): Ser Petracco (Pietro di Parenzo di Garzo; 1267—1326) was the father to the Italian poet Francesco Petrarch. His father was Ser Parenzo, son of Ser Garzo who reputedly lived to be 100. They all were notaries public, the same office that Ser Petracco held in Florence. The family did have a small property in Florence. His wife’s name was Eletta Canigiani (1270—1319), the mother to Petrarch, whom he married around 1302. Petrarch’s granddaughter was named after her.

Document (Title: Fursy Teyssier): Fursy Teyssier (born 22 September 1985) is a French songwriter, singer, multi-instrumentalist musician, album cover artist and animated film director. He is most known for being the creator, leader, guitarist, bass guitarist and lead vocalist of shoegazing band Les Discrets. He is currently live bass guitarist for Empyrium. He is also the former guitarist and bass guitarist of Amesoeurs, and the former live bassist of Alcest (he also composed and performed "Abysses" in "Écailles de Lune"). Since 27 December 2015 he is a live member of German gothic metal band The Vision Bleak; he previously directed the music video for their song "The Wood Hag".

Document (Title: Vasey Houghton): William Vasey Houghton MLC (3 January 1921 – 11 January 2001), better known as Vasey Houghton, was an Australian politician, grazier, and conservationist. He was one of the longest-serving members of the Victorian State Parliament, spending eighteen years as a Member of the Legislative Council, nine of them on the front bench. Houghton is remembered for his work cleaning up HM Prison Pentridge and the Yarra River.

Document (Title: Computational particle physics): Computational particle physics refers to the methods and computing tools developed in and used by particle physics research. Like computational chemistry or computational biology, it is, for particle physics both a specific branch and an interdisciplinary field relying on computer science, theoretical and experimental particle physics and mathematics.

Document (Title: Every Picture Tells a Story (song)): "Every Picture Tells a Story" is a song written by Rod Stewart and Ron Wood and initially released as the title track of Stewart's 1971 album "Every Picture Tells a Story". It has since been released on numerous Stewart compilation and live albums, including "The Best of Rod Stewart", "" and "Unplugged...and Seated". It was released as a single in Spain, backed with "Reason to Believe." It has also been covered by The Georgia Satellites on their 1986 album "Georgia Satellites" and by Robin McAuley on "Forever Mod: A Tribute to Rod Stewart". In the "Rolling Stone Album Guide", critic Paul Evans described "Every Picture Tells a Story" and "Maggie May," another song off the "Every Picture Tells a Story" album, as Rod Stewart's and Ron Wood's "finest hour—happy lads wearing their hearts on their sleeves." Music critic Greil Marcus regards the song as "Rod Stewart's greatest performance."

Document (Title: H.O.L.Y.): "H.O.L.Y." (an acronym for "High on Loving You") is a song recorded by American country music duo Florida Georgia Line. It is the lead single from the duo's third studio album, "Dig Your Roots", which was released on August 26, 2016. The song was written by busbee, Nate Cyphert, and William Wiik Larsen. "H.O.L.Y." was first released on April 29, 2016 by Republic Nashville.

Document (Title: Space Ghost Coast to Coast): Space Ghost Coast to Coast is an American adult animated parody talk show, created by Mike Lazzo and hosted by the 1960s Hanna-Barbera cartoon character Space Ghost. Though the original 1960s series aired as a standard Hanna-Barbera Saturday-morning superhero cartoon, "Space Ghost Coast to Coast" was a total reboot of the series intended for adults, now reinterpreted as a surreal spoof talk show and produced using the original artwork. The first two seasons were presented as a serious talk show with subdued jokes, while the later seasons relied more on surrealism, non-sequiturs, and parodies.

Document (Title: Imperial Palace Hall Reconstruction): The Imperial Palace Hall Reconstruction in the Royal Ontario Museum is a full-scale model of a section of a 17th-century Chinese Imperial Palace building in Beijing’s Forbidden City. The hall was built in 2005 at the National Museum of Chinese Architecture in Beijing and transported in pieces to the museum in Toronto where it was reconstructed in the Gallery. This object is a center piece to the Chinese Galleries and is used by many to illustrate to the detailed work of craftsmen during the Qing Dynasty (1644-1912).

Document (Title: Ishtar Gate): The Ishtar Gate (Arabic: بوابة عشتار‎ ‎ , Persian: دروازه ایشتار‎ ‎ ) was the eighth gate to the inner city of Babylon. It was constructed in about 575 BCE by order of King Nebuchadnezzar II on the north side of the city. It was excavated in the early 20th century and a reconstruction using original bricks is now shown in the Pergamon Museum, Berlin.

Document (Title: Rod Stewart: The Hits): Rod Stewart: The Hits is a Las Vegas residency show performed by singer Rod Stewart at the Colosseum at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas. It began on August 24, 2011.

Document (Title: American Made (The Oak Ridge Boys album)): American Made is the eighth country studio album by The Oak Ridge Boys, released in 1983. It featured yet another "crossover hit" with the song "American Made", which hit #1 on the country charts (on April 23, 1983) and #72 on the U.S. Hot 100 singles chart.

Document (Title: Panel with striding lion): The Panel with striding lion (MA 31.13.1) is a panel of Neo-Babylonian glazed ceramic bricks or tiles dated to 604–562 B.C., now in the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York. It was one of many that lined the Processional Way north of the Ishtar Gate. It was excavated by R. Koldewey in 1902, and at the Staatliche Museen zu Berlin from 1926, before coming into the possession of the Met in 1931.

Document (Title: American Made (film)): American Made is a 2017 American biographical crime film directed by Doug Liman, written by Gary Spinelli and starring Tom Cruise, Domhnall Gleeson, Sarah Wright, Alejandro Edda, Mauricio Mejía, Caleb Landry Jones and Jesse Plemons. The plot focuses on Barry Seal, a former TWA pilot who became a drug smuggler for the Medellín Cartel in the 1980s. In order to avoid jail time, Seal approached United States government officials and served as an informant for the DEA.

Document (Title: Royal Ontario Museum Bat Cave): The Royal Ontario Museum Bat Cave is a gallery at the Royal Ontario Museum that presents wax sculptures of bats in their simulated natural habitat. Consisting of twenty species of bats, among a variety of invertebrates, the gallery allows visitors to learn about bats behaviour and biology, through engaging in various educational panels, videos and models.

Document (Title: William Wiik Larsen): William Wiik Larsen (born 15 September 1986) is a Norwegian record producer and songwriter. After crafting many multi-platinum songs in his home country, he has produced and co-written several global and US hits like "Am I Wrong" for Nico & Vinz ,"H.O.L.Y." for Florida Georgia Line, "Stay" for Kygo and "Play That Song" for Train. He currently resides in Los Angeles CA.

Document (Title: List of Space Ghost Coast to Coast episodes): "Space Ghost Coast to Coast" is an animated talk show starring washed up superhero Space Ghost, a.k.a. Tad Ghostal, as a late-night talk show host. To aid him, Space Ghost has imprisoned his arch enemies Zorak and Moltar, and has forced them into slavery. Zorak acts as band leader and Moltar acts as director and producer. They regularly disrupt the show and make no secret of the fact that they hate Space Ghost.

Document (Title: Giotto): Giotto di Bondone ( 1270 – January 8, 1337), known mononymously as Giotto (] ) and latinised as Giottus, was an Italian painter and architect from Florence during the Late Middle Ages. He worked during the "Gothic or Proto-Renaissance" period.

Document (Title: Feeler (Marcella Detroit album)): Feeler is the third studio album by British-based American musician Marcella Detroit. It was first released in September 1996 by AAA Records in the UK, ironically, the lead single "I Hate You Now..." was released in the same month as "I Can Drive", the lead single from Detroit's former band Shakespears Sister's third album "#3".

Document (Title: Palash Baran Pal): Palash Baran Pal (Bengali: পলাশ বরন পাল "Palāś Baran Pāl", born : 1955) is an Indian theoretical physicist, a senior professor at Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics, Kolkata, a writer, a linguist and a poet. His main area of research is Particle Physics. His works in the area of neutrino physics and relativistic treatment of particle properties in matter are well recognized in the particle physics community. Apart from his scientific contributions, he has authored well known text books in physics as well as several popular science literature in Bengali to popularize science.

Document (Title: Trading Spouses): Trading Spouses, often advertised as Trading Spouses: Meet Your New Mommy, is a FOX reality show in which two families, usually of different social classes, swap wives or husbands for a week. Each family is awarded $50,000, with the stipulation that the guest mother decides how her host family must spend the money. The title of the show is a play on the idiom "Trading Spaces".

Document (Title: Andy Merrill): Andy Ronald Merrill (born November 27, 1966 in Newark, Ohio) is an American television writer, producer and voice actor best known for his comedy voice portrayal of the character Brak on "Space Ghost Coast to Coast" and "Cartoon Planet", and other related productions from Cartoon Network utilizing characters from the "Space Ghost" series. He is a graduate of Asbury University, where he majored in media communications. Merrill is also known for creating Adult Swim's "The Brak Show" with Jim Fortier and Pete Smith.

Document (Title: Peaking Lights): Peaking Lights are a husband and wife music duo who met in San Francisco in 2006 and moved to Spring Green, Wisconsin in December 2007 where they lived until 2009 then moved to Madison, Wisconsin from 2009-2011, they returned to the west coast to live in Los Angeles, California where they currently live. Peaking Lights music has been described as psychedelic pop. The band originally formed in 2008, performing live in order to fund a road trip to Texas, at which point they released the self-titled cd-r Clearvoiant (later released on cassette via Night-People). Their son Mikko contributed vocals to their third album, "Lucifer". In 2013 their second son Marlon was born.

Document (Title: James Brown (sportscaster)): James Brown (born February 25, 1951), commonly called "J.B.", is an American sportscaster known for being the host of "The NFL Today" on CBS Sports and "Thursday Night Football" on CBS Sports and NFL Network. He is also the Special Correspondent for CBS' news division. Also, he is best known as the former host of the FOX network's NFL pregame show, "Fox NFL Sunday" for 11 years.

Document (Title: The World's Funniest!): The World's Funniest! is an American reality show that aired on Fox in 1997. It was hosted by James Brown and announced by Mark Thompson. The show was similar in format to ABC's "America's Funniest Home Videos", but also featuring funny clips from TV shows, bloopers, and funny TV commercials. Unlike "AFHV", there was no contest element and viewer-submitted videos were not rewarded with prizes. It was also hosted without a studio audience, with laughter backing during clips coming via laugh track.

Document (Title: Alex Salibian): Alex Salibian is a music producer signed to Grammy-winning producer Jeff Bhasker's production company. His most recent work includes producer and co-writer of Harry Styles solo debut album Harry Styles (album) as well as producer and co-writer of Young the Giant’s third album Home of the Strange. Alex is also the musical director of Harry Styles’s band, starting with his performance on Saturday Night Live on April 15th, 2017

Document (Title: Hillary Clinton): Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton ( ; born October 26, 1947) is an American politician who was the First Lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001, U.S. Senator from New York from 2001 to 2009, 67th United States Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013, and the Democratic Party's nominee for President of the United States in the 2016 election.

Document (Title: HM Prison Pentridge): Her Majesty's Prison Pentridge was an Australian prison that was first established in 1851 in Coburg, Victoria. The first prisoners arrived in 1851. The prison officially closed on 1 May 1997.

Document (Title: Yukawa interaction): In particle physics, Yukawa's interaction or Yukawa coupling, named after Hideki Yukawa, is an interaction between a scalar field ϕ and a Dirac field ψ of the type

Document (Title: Big City Greens): Big City Greens (formerly known as "Country Club") is an upcoming Disney animated television series. The series is created by Chris and Shane Houghton, who originally worked on Nickelodeon's "Harvey Beaks". Emmy Award-winning director Rob Renzetti (creator of "My Life as a Teenage Robot" and supervising producer for "Gravity Falls") serves as executive producer and the Houghton brothers serve as co-executive producers. It is scheduled to premiere on Disney XD in 2018.

Document (Title: Hookers for Hillary): Hookers for Hillary is a semi-formal organization of Nevada-based sex workers who support Hillary Clinton's candidacy in the 2016 United States presidential election. The group, which claims a membership of 500 prostitutes, is not registered with the Federal Elections Commission as a political action committee and does not, therefore, directly provide political donations. Its members, instead, evangelize support of Clinton to their clients and have, in some instances, reportedly offered enhanced sexual services to existing customers in exchange for direct donations to Clinton's presidential campaign.

Document (Title: Striding Lion): Striding Lion, a wall relief made from polychrome glazed, fired bricks, is one of the most iconic objects on display at the Royal Ontario Museum, Toronto. It came from Babylon, Iraq, and dates to the time of Nebuchadnezzar II (605-562 BCE), king of the Neo-Babylonian Empire. Striding Lion is one of many such reliefs that decorated the walls of the palace's ceremonial hall and very similar to the lions that line the processional way from the Ishtar Gate to the temple of Marduk.

Document (Title: George Lowe): George Edward Lowe (born November 10, 1958) is an American voice actor and comedian. He is perhaps best known for his role as the voice of Space Ghost on the Cartoon Network/Adult Swim/GameTap animated series "Space Ghost Coast to Coast"; he also played the part for its spin-off "Cartoon Planet". He continued to voice Space Ghost in several cameos in other programs for several years, even following the conclusion of the series. He has also made recurring voice appearances on "Aqua Teen Hunger Force" and "Robot Chicken".

Question 1: What cartel did Barry Seal work for in the movie "American Made?"
Question 2: The Carraresi (or da Carrara) were an important family of northern Italy in the 12th to 15th centuries, Francesco il Vecchio, son of Giacomo, a close friend of Petrarch in his early years, was a noted patron of Petrarch himself, his retirement years were spent at Arquà, a Carrara fief, and he bequeathed to Francesco his picture of the Virgin by which Italian painter and architect from Florence during the Late Middle Ages?
Question 3: This voice actor stared as Hanna-Barbera's cartoon character Space Ghost in its American adult animated parody talk show?
Question 4: Striding Lion, a wall relief made from polychrome glazed, fired bricks, is one of the most iconic objects on display at the Royal Ontario Museum, Toronto, it is one of many such reliefs that decorated the walls of the palace's ceremonial hall and very similar to the lions that line the processional way from the Ishtar Gate to which temple? 
Question 5: What is the seat capacity of the theater where "Rod Stewart: The Hits" was performed? 
Question 6: From 2009 to 2013, what office was held by the candidate supported by Hookers for Hillary?
Question 7: William Vasey Houghton was known for cleaning up a prison in what city? 
Question 8: Where does the co-writer of the lead single of Florida Georgi Line's third album currently live?
Question 9: In particle physics, the Yukawa interaction was named after which Japanese theoretical physicist?
Question 10: Who announced the 1997 Fox reality show that was hosted by the American Sportscaster known for being the host of "The NFL Today"?

### Response:

--- EXPECTED OUTPUT (completion) ---

Medellín Cartel, Giotto di Bondone, George Edward Lowe, Marduk, 4,296, United States Secretary of State, Coburg, Victoria, He currently resides in Los Angeles CA, Hideki Yukawa, Mark Thompson


================================================================================
  EVAL Example 3
  Documents: 50 | Prompt chars: 27,747 | Output chars: 171
================================================================================

--- MODEL INPUT (prompt) ---

Below is an instruction that describes a task, paired with an input that provides further context. Write a response that appropriately completes the request.

### Instruction:
Use the given documents to answer each of the following questions. Write a concise and short answer for each question, in order, as a comma-separated list.
Write your answer in the following format:
Answers: [answer1], [answer2], ...

### Input:
Document (Title: Memories of the Sword): Memories of the Sword (; lit. "Female Warrior: Memories of the Sword") is a 2015 South Korean martial arts/romance period drama co-written and directed by Park Heung-sik, starring Lee Byung-hun, Jeon Do-yeon and Kim Go-eun.

Document (Title: Heinz Schlicke): Heinz Schlicke (December 13, 1912 – April 18, 2006), German-born engineer and author, an Operation Paperclip scientist, and engineer at the Allen-Bradley Co. in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Document (Title: Sara Carracelas García): Sara Carracelas Garcia (born September 15, 1981 in Guipúzcoa) is an S2 swimmer from Spain. She has cerebral palsy. She started swimming when she was four years old. She competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics, winning a gold medal in the 50 meter backstroke and the 50 meter freestyle. She also won a bronze in the 100 meter freestyle. She competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics, winning a gold medal in the 50 meter backstroke a bronze in the 50 meter freestyle and a silver in the 100 meter freestyle. She competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. She finished first in the 50 meter backstroke, the 50 meter freestyle and in the 100 meter freestyle. She raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, winning a bronze in the 50 meter backstroke. In 2010, she competed at the Tenerife International Open.

Document (Title: Book of Potions): Book of Potions (or Wonderbook: Book of Potions) is a 2013 augmented reality video game developed by SCE London Studio in conjunction with J. K. Rowling as a companion to the "Harry Potter" series and as a followup to the Wonderbook's debut title, "Book of Spells". It was released in Europe on 15 November 2013 and North America on 12 November 2013, alongside "Diggs Nightcrawler" and "Walking with Dinosaurs".

Document (Title: WonHwaDo): Won Hwa Do(원화도) is a traditional Korean martial art, founded in 1972 by Bong-Ki Han. The name in Korean (Hangul) means "The Way of Circular Harmony" (Won = Circle, Hwa = Harmony, Do = Way). The basis of the art lies in circular movement by effectively utilizing full 360° rotations of the human body motion. This helps in conserving energy and reducing the risk of injury on the practitioner's joints often caused by use of linear force and impact. Won Hwa Do is often compared to hapkido and Taekkyeon which are also national martial arts of Korea. Although similar in several aspects, Won Hwa Do's Ha-Dan/Sang-Dan Hoe-Jeon-Gong-Bang (하단/상단 회전공방) techniques are a unique trademark which is not shared by the other Korean martial arts. Ha-Dan Hoe-Jeon- Gong-Bang has the practitioner rotating arms in a forward motion and Sang-Dan has them rotating it in a backward motion. These two form the bases of strikes, throws, blocks, counters, submissions and kicks in its diverse self-defense system and are the most fundamental and basic practice of Won Hwa Do.

Document (Title: Kim Go-eun): Kim Go-eun (born July 2, 1991) is a South Korean actress. She debuted in the critically acclaimed film "A Muse" (2012) where she won several Best New Actress awards in South Korea. She next appeared in the crime thrillers "Monster" (2014), "Coin Locker Girl" (2015) and "Memories of the Sword" (2015). Kim then extended her filmography to television where she played leading roles in the tvN dramas "Cheese in the Trap" (2016) and "" (2016-2017).

Document (Title: Gangs of London): Gangs of London is an action-adventure open world video game released in 2006 for Sony's PlayStation Portable console. It was developed by SCE London Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. The player has the choice to play as five different gangs in London, all with different ethnicities and colours. It is separate in canon from "The Getaway" despite its close likeness and same publisher.

Document (Title: Swing Shift (film)): Swing Shift is a 1984 American romantic drama war film directed by Jonathan Demme and produced by and starring Goldie Hawn with Kurt Russell. It also starred Christine Lahti, Fred Ward and Ed Harris. Lahti earned an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress for her tragic portrayal of heart-broken ex-singer and Hawn's character's close friend Hazel, losing to Peggy Ashcroft for "A Passage to India". Singer Belinda Carlisle made a foray into the film, and Holly Hunter can be seen in one of her first movie roles.

Document (Title: Lolland): Lolland (] ; formerly spelled "Laaland", literally "low land") is the fourth largest island of Denmark, with an area of 1243 km2 . Located in the Baltic sea, it is part of Region Sjælland (Region Zealand). As of 1 January 2013, it has 62,578 inhabitants.

Document (Title: American Journal of Kidney Diseases): The American Journal of Kidney Diseases (AJKD) is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of nephrology. It is the official journal of the National Kidney Foundation and is published by Elsevier. The journal publishes original research, case reports, and educational articles such as narrative reviews and teaching cases. It is abstracted and indexed in PubMed/MEDLINE/Index Medicus. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 7.62. The journal's current editor-in-chief is Harold I. Feldman (University of Pennsylvania). Since November 2011, the journal publishes a blog, "AJKD Blog", which posts interviews with authors, commentaries, and educational material approximately twice per week.

Document (Title: Anita Chapman): Anita Chapman MBE (born 3 July 1952 in Doncaster) is a British Paralympic archer. In individual medals she won silver at the 1996 Summer Paralympics and gold at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. In team medals she was on the bronze medal team at the 1996 Summer Paralympics, the silver medalist team at the 2000 Summer Paralympics, and the gold medal winning team at the 2004 Summer Paralympics.

Document (Title: Town &amp; Country (film)): Town & Country is a 2001 American romantic comedy film directed by Peter Chelsom, written by Buck Henry and Michael Laughlin, and starring Warren Beatty, Diane Keaton, Goldie Hawn, Garry Shandling, Andie MacDowell, Jenna Elfman, Nastassja Kinski, and Charlton Heston. Beatty plays an architect, with Keaton as his wife, and Hawn and Shandling as their best friends. This is Beatty's and Keaton's first film together since 1981's "Reds," and Beatty's third film with Hawn, after 1971's "$" and 1975's "Shampoo".

Document (Title: Joint Intelligence Objectives Agency): The Joint Intelligence Objectives Agency (JIOA) was the organization directly responsible for "Operation Paperclip", an OSS program for capturing and taking Nazi German scientists to the United States at the end of the Second World War. The JIOA was established in 1945, as a subcommittee of the Joint Intelligence Committee (JIC) of the Joint Chiefs of Staff of the United States Armed Forces. The JIOA comprised one representative from each member agency of the JIC, and an operational staff of military intelligence officers from each military service.

Document (Title: Antonio García Martínez): Antonio Garcia Martinez (born December 24, 1956 in Sevilla) is a Spanish cyclist from. He is LC3 type cyclist. He is a chemical engineer. He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics, the 2000 Summer Paralympics, the 2004 Summer Paralympics, and the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the Combined Road (Pursuit / Time Trial) LC3 race.

Document (Title: George Hackathorne): George Hackathorne (February 13, 1896 – June 25, 1940) was an American actor of the silent era. He appeared in 59 films between 1916 and 1939. His interment was located in Hollywood Forever Cemetery.

Document (Title: Joint Intelligence Center): A Joint Intelligence Center (JIC) is a focal point for military intelligence gathered by different intelligence agencies and administered by the Defense Intelligence Agency. The intelligence center of the joint force headquarters. The joint intelligence center is responsible for providing and producing the intelligence required to support the joint force commander and staff, components, task forces and elements, and the national intelligence community.

Document (Title: Zugspitze): The Zugspitze, (] ) at 2,962 m (9,718 ft) above sea level, is the highest peak of the Wetterstein Mountains as well as the highest mountain in Germany. It lies south of the town of Garmisch-Partenkirchen, and the Austria–Germany border runs over its western summit. South of the mountain is the "Zugspitzplatt", a high karst plateau with numerous caves. On the flanks of the Zugspitze are three glaciers, including the two largest in Germany: the Northern Schneeferner with an area of 30.7 hectares and the Höllentalferner with an area of 24.7 hectares. The third is the Southern Schneeferner which covers 8.4 hectares.

Document (Title: The Seventh Victim): The Seventh Victim is a 1943 American horror film noir directed by Mark Robson and starring Tom Conway, Jean Brooks, Isabel Jewell, Kim Hunter, and Hugh Beaumont. Written by DeWitt Bodeen and Charles O'Neal, and produced by Val Lewton for RKO Radio Pictures, the film focuses on a young woman who stumbles on an underground cult of devil worshippers in Greenwich Village, New York City, while searching for her missing sister. It marks Robson's directorial debut and was Hunter's first onscreen role.

Document (Title: Joint Intelligence Committee (United Kingdom)): The Joint Intelligence Committee (JIC) is an interagency deliberative body responsible for intelligence assessment, coordination and oversight of the Secret Intelligence Service, Security Service, GCHQ and Defence Intelligence. The JIC is supported by the Joint Intelligence Organisation under the Cabinet Office.

Document (Title: Charles Farr): Charles Blandford Farr, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} is a British civil servant, intelligence officer, and diplomat. He is the Chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee and Head of the Joint Intelligence Organisation at the Cabinet Office. Before that, from 2007 until 2015 Farr was the Director of the Office for Security and Counter-Terrorism (OSCT) at the United Kingdom's Home Office.

Document (Title: Chevy Chase): Cornelius Crane "Chevy" Chase ( ; born October 8, 1943) is an American actor and comedian. Born into a prominent New York family, he worked a variety of jobs before moving into comedy and began acting with "National Lampoon". He became a key cast member in the debut season of "Saturday Night Live", where his recurring "Weekend Update" segment soon became a staple of the show. As both a performer and writer, he earned three Primetime Emmy Awards out of five nominations.

Document (Title: Cemetery of Our Saviour): The Cemetery of Our Saviour (Norwegian: "Vår Frelsers gravlund" ) is a cemetery in Oslo, Norway, located north of Hammersborg in Gamle Aker district. It is located adjacent to the older Old Aker Cemetery and was created in 1808 as a result of the great famine and cholera epidemic of the Napoleonic Wars. Its grounds were extended in 1911. The cemetery has been full and thus closed for new graves since 1952, with interment only being allowed in existing family graves. The cemetery includes five sections, including "Æreslunden", Norway's main honorary burial ground, and the western, southern, eastern and northern sections. The Cemetery of Our Saviour became the preferred cemetery of bourgeois and other upper class families. It has many grand tombstones and is the most famous cemetery in Norway.

Document (Title: Frances Dee): Frances Marion Dee (November 26, 1909 – March 6, 2004) was an American actress. She starred opposite Maurice Chevalier in the early talkie musical, "Playboy of Paris" (1930). She starred in the film "An American Tragedy" (1931) in a role later recreated by Elizabeth Taylor in the 1951 retitled remake, "A Place in the Sun". She also had a prominent role in the classic 1943 Val Lewton psychological horror film "I Walked With a Zombie".

Document (Title: Cat People (1982 film)): Cat People is a 1982 American erotic horror film directed by Paul Schrader. It stars Nastassja Kinski and Malcolm McDowell; John Heard, Annette O'Toole, Ruby Dee, Ed Begley, Jr., Scott Paulin, and Frankie Faison play supporting roles. Jerry Bruckheimer served as executive producer. Alan Ormsby wrote the screenplay, basing it loosely on the story by DeWitt Bodeen, the screenwriter for the original "Cat People" (1942). Giorgio Moroder composed the film's score, including the theme song, which features lyrics and vocals by David Bowie.

Document (Title: Mihail Roco): Mihail C. Roco is the founding chair of the US National Science and Technology Council subcommittee on Nanoscale Science, Engineering and Technology (NSET), and is Senior Advisor for Science and Engineering, including Nanotechnology, at the National Science Foundation. He is also the editor in chief of the Journal of Nanoparticle Research.

Document (Title: Cat People (1942 film)): Cat People is a 1942 horror film produced by Val Lewton and directed by Jacques Tourneur. DeWitt Bodeen wrote the original screenplay, which was based on Val Lewton's short story "The Bagheeta", published in 1930. The film stars Simone Simon, Kent Smith, Jane Randolph and Tom Conway.

Document (Title: Trans Bay Cable): The Trans Bay Cable is a high-voltage direct current underwater cable interconnection between San Francisco, California and Pittsburg, California. The 53 mi cable under San Francisco Bay and through the Carquinez Strait can transmit 400 megawatts of power at a DC voltage of ±200 kV, enough to provide 40% of San Francisco's peak power needs. Owned by SteelRiver Transmission Company, the line connects PG&E's Potrero Substation to its 230 kV transmission line in Pittsburg. The system was completed in November, 2010. The Trans Bay Cable project was the first HVDC system to use the "Modular Multi-Level Converter" (MMC) system.

Document (Title: Trogkofel): Trogkofel ("Creta di Aip"in Italian) (2,280 m) is a mountain of the Carnic Alps lying on the border of Friuli, Italy and Carinthia, Austria. It is located on the main ridge of the Carnics between the Aip Valley to the south and the Gail Valley in the north, and is the second highest mountain on the eastern ridge after Gailtaler Polinik. The mountain is known as "Crete Rosse", meaning "Red Rocky Mountain" in Friuli.

Document (Title: Großer Möseler): The Große Möseler (Italian: "Grande Mèsule" ), also called the "Mösele", is a mountain,  m (AA) , and thus the second highest peak in the Zillertal Alps after the Hochfeiler ( ). It lies on the Zillertal main ridge which forms the border here between the Austrian state of Tyrol and the Italian province of South Tyrol. Its great size makes it the dominant mountain in the area. Seen from the northwest it appears like a firn-covered dome; but from the northeast as a regularly shaped cone of rock. Prominent arêtes radiate from the peak to the northwest, east and south. The mountain is easily ascended from the Furtschaglhaus and is often visited as a result. It was first climbed on 16 June 1865 by G. H. Fox, Douglas William Freshfield and Francis Fox Tuckett with mountain guides, François Devouassoud from Chamonix and Peter Michel from Grindelwald, as well as two unknown bearers.

Document (Title: Inter-Services Intelligence activities in India): The Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), intelligence agency of Pakistan has been involved in running military intelligence programs in India, with one of the subsections of its Joint Intelligence Bureau (JIB) department devoted to perform various operations in India. The Joint Signal Intelligence Bureau (JSIB) department has been also supporting Kashmiri militants in regards to communication. The Joint Intelligence North section of the Joint Counter-Intelligence Bureau (JCIB) wing deals particularly with India. In the 1950s the ISI's Covert Action Division supplied arms to insurgents in Northeast India.

Document (Title: Foul Play (1978 film)): Foul Play is a 1978 American comedy mystery-thriller film written and directed by Colin Higgins, and starring Goldie Hawn, Chevy Chase, Dudley Moore, Burgess Meredith, Eugene Roche, Rachel Roberts, Brian Dennehy and Billy Barty. In it, a recently divorced librarian is drawn into a mystery when a stranger hides a roll of film in a pack of cigarettes and gives it to her for safekeeping.

Document (Title: J. K. Rowling): Joanne Rowling, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ; born 31 July 1965), who writes under the pen names J. K. Rowling and Robert Galbraith, is a British novelist and screenwriter who wrote the "Harry Potter" fantasy series. The books have won multiple awards, and sold more than 400 million copies. They have become the best-selling book series in history and been the basis for a series of films, over which Rowling had overall approval on the scripts and was a producer on the final films in the series.

Document (Title: Flaming Guns): Flaming Guns is a 1932 American Western film directed by Arthur Rosson and written by Jack Cunningham. The film stars Tom Mix, William Farnum, Ruth Hall, Clarence Wilson, George Hackathorne and Duke R. Lee. The film was released on December 22, 1932, by Universal Pictures.

Document (Title: Iran at the 1996 Summer Paralympics): Athletes from the Islamic Republic of Iran competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

Document (Title: Journal of Computer-Mediated Communication): The Journal of Computer-Mediated Communication JCMC is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the interdisciplinary field of computer-mediated communication. It was established in 1994 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Communication Association. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", its 2010 impact factor was 1.958, ranking it 3rd out of 67 journals in the category "Communication" and 13th out of 76 journals in the category "Information Science & Library Science". By 2014 the ISI Journal Citation Reports © Ranking reported JCMC to be 2nd of 76 in the field of Communication, and 4th of 85 in Information Science & Library Science, with an impact factor of 3.117

Document (Title: Joint Analysis Center): The Joint Intelligence Operations Center Europe (JIOCEUR) Analytic Center (JAC), formerly known as the Joint Analysis Center, is a Joint Intelligence Center serving as a military intelligence analysis centre for the United States European Command located at RAF Molesworth, Cambridgeshire, United Kingdom and managed by the Defense Intelligence Agency. The area of responsibility includes over 50 countries in Europe, 33 Sub-Saharan and West African countries, and the Middle East.

Document (Title: Protocol (film)): Protocol is a 1984 American comedy film starring Goldie Hawn and Chris Sarandon, written by Buck Henry, and directed by Herbert Ross. Hawn plays a Washington, D.C., cocktail waitress who prevents the assassination of a visiting Arab emir and winds up a national heroine.

Document (Title: Rila): Rila (Bulgarian: Рила , ] ) is a mountain range in southwestern Bulgaria and the highest mountain range of Bulgaria and the Balkans, with its highest peak being Musala at 2,925 m. The massif is also the sixth highest mountain in Europe (when each mountain is represented by its highest peak only), coming after the Caucasus, the Alps, Sierra Nevada, the Pyrenees and Mount Etna, and the highest between the Alps and the Caucasus. More than one-third of the mountain is occupied by the Rila National Park, the rest lies within the Rila Monastery Nature Park.

Document (Title: Foul Play (TV series)): Foul Play is an American detective comedy/drama that aired from January 26 until August 23, 1981 on ABC. The series was based on the hit 1978 film of the same name, and retained many of the same characterizations, as well as the San Francisco setting of the film. The lead roles played by Goldie Hawn and Chevy Chase in the film were taken over by Deborah Raffin and Barry Bostwick, respectively, in the series. The series was produced by Thomas L. Miller (who co-produced the film), Robert L. Boyett and Hal Sitowitz, under Paramount Television (now known as CBS Television Distribution).

Document (Title: Hollywood Forever Cemetery): Hollywood Forever Cemetery, originally named Hollywood Cemetery, is one of the oldest cemeteries in Los Angeles. It is located at 6000 Santa Monica Boulevard in the Hollywood district of Los Angeles. Paramount Studios is located at the south end of the same block on 40 acres which were once part of the cemetery, but held no interments.

Document (Title: Neural Networks (journal)): Neural Networks is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal and an official journal of the International Neural Network Society, European Neural Network Society, and Japanese Neural Network Society. It was established in 1988 and is published by Elsevier. The journal covers all aspects of research on artificial neural networks. The founding editor-in-chief was Stephen Grossberg (Boston University), the current editors-in-chief are DeLiang Wang (Ohio State University) and Kenji Doya (Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology). The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Science Citation Index. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 5.287.

Document (Title: Atlanta): Atlanta is the capital of and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Georgia, with an estimated 2016 population of 472,522. Atlanta is the cultural and economic center of the Atlanta metropolitan area, home to 5,710,795 people and the ninth-largest metropolitan area in the United States. Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County, and a small portion of the city extends eastward into DeKalb County.

Document (Title: Daniel Llambrich Gabriel): Daniel Llambrich Gabriel (born March 14, 1975 in Barcelona) is a vision impaired S12/B2 swimmer from Spain. His job in 2008 was working as a coupon seller. He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics and the 2000 Summer Paralympics, where he did not medal. He swam at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, winning a silver medal in the 4 x 100 meter 49 points medley relay. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics.

Document (Title: Hochwanner): At 2744 m , the Hochwanner (formerly: "Kothbachspitze") is the second highest mountain in Germany after the Zugspitze (if the somewhat higher Schneefernerkopf is only considered as a sub-peak of the Zugspitze). In addition the Hochwanner is the highest peak on the main ridge of the Wetterstein ("Wettersteinhauptkamm") running from "Gatterl" to the Upper Wettersteinspitze ("Oberen Wettersteinspitze") above Mittenwald in an east-west direction. From the Hochwanner massif there is an all-round view of the Rein valley ("Reintal"), the Leutasch valley in Austria, the Gais valley, the Zugspitze, the Mieming Chain, the Jubiläumsgrat, the Karwendel mountains and far into the central Alps.

Document (Title: I Walked with a Zombie): I Walked with a Zombie is a 1943 horror film directed by Jacques Tourneur. It was the second horror film from producer Val Lewton for RKO Pictures.

Document (Title: Operation Paperclip): Operation Paperclip was a secret program of the Joint Intelligence Objectives Agency (JIOA) in which more than 1,600 German scientists, engineers, and technicians, such as Wernher von Braun and his V-2 rocket team, were recruited in post-Nazi Germany and taken to the U.S. for government employment, at the end of World War II; many were members and some were leaders of the Nazi Party.

Document (Title: Diggs Nightcrawler): Diggs Nightcrawler (or Wonderbook: Diggs Nightcrawler) is a 2013 augmented reality video game for the PlayStation 3. Developed by Sony London studio collaborated with MoonBot Studios, it is the second game to make use of the Wonderbook peripheral. The game was released in Europe on 31 May 2013 and North America on 12 November 2013, alongside "Walking with Dinosaurs" and "Book of Potions".

Document (Title: Journal of Nanoparticle Research): The Journal of Nanoparticle Research is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It focuses mainly on physical, chemical, and biological phenomena and processes in structures of sizes comparable to a few nanometers. It was established in 1999 and the editor-in-chief is Mihail C. Roco (National Science Foundation). According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 2.020.

Document (Title: Thompson Peak (California)): Thompson Peak is a mountain (a high point on a tall granite ridge) in Trinity County, California. It is the highest peak in the Trinity Alps Wilderness. It is the highest point in a ridge that also features Wedding Cake, another well-known Trinity Alps peak. Thompson Peak is the highest Peak in the Trinity Alps Wilderness, a vast assemblage of craggy granite mountains in northwestern California (Trinity Alps Wilderness is the seventh largest designated wilderness area in California). Thompson Peak is the second highest mountain in Northern California west of the Cascades, after 9027 foot; Mount Eddy.

Document (Title: Kontek): The Kontek HVDC is a 170 km long, monopolar 400 kV high-voltage direct current cable between Germany and the Danish island Zealand. Its name comes from "continent" and the name of the former Danish power transmission company "Elkraft", which operated the power grid on the Danish islands Lolland, Falster and Zealand and had the abbreviation "ek". As of today, the cable is operated by Energinet.dk in Denmark and 50Hertz Transmission GmbH in Germany.

Question 1: What is the name of this 2015 South Korean martial arts/ romance period drama, starring Kim Ge-eun?
Question 2: Which National Lampoon actor is also famous for starring in the ABC comedy/drama Foul Play with Goldie Hawn?
Question 3: What is the highest mountain in Germany, ahead of the Hochwanner the highest peak on the main ridge of the Wetterstein, lying south of the town of Garmisch-Partenkirchen?
Question 4: In which city is this cemetery found where George Hackathorne's interment was located?
Question 5: The city that hosted the 1996 Summer Paralympics is the seat of what county?
Question 6: Mihail Roco is involved with several organizations, but which one has a 2016 impact factor of 2,020 according to the "Journal Citation Reports"?
Question 7: The Kontek HVDC is a 170 km long,high-voltage direct current cable between Germany and the Danish island Zealand, its name comes from "continent" and the name of the former Danish power transmission company "Elkraft", which operated the power grid on the Danish islands, including Lolland island that is the which largest island of Denmark?
Question 8: Heinz Schlicke is a type of scientist of which secret program of the Joint Intelligence Objectives Agency (JIOA) in which more than 1,600 German scientists, engineers, and technicians
Question 9: What is the Real name of the person who collaborated with SCE London Studio to develop Wonderbook: Book of Potions?
Question 10: Who wrote the film that a 1982 American erotic horror film directed by Paul Schrader was loosely based on and was  a 1942 horror film produced by Val Lewton?

### Response:

--- EXPECTED OUTPUT (completion) ---

Memories of the Sword, Chevy Chase, Zugspitze, Los Angeles, Fulton County, The Journal of Nanoparticle Research, fourth, Operation Paperclip, Joanne Rowling, DeWitt Bodeen


